Morty: Listen, I think the three of us could just, you know, have a nice time, like just hanging out, and, you know, doing a little bonding and --
Morty: I told you I didn't want the damn selfie 800 times! Look, whatever the hell is going on between you and the president, it's got nothing to do with me.
Evil Morty: Because using a weapon like this doesn’t get you left alone, Morty. Think I want a bunch of vengeful Summers coming after me? You are a little different though, Rick. Maybe I can use that someday. Seriously though. Fuck you. Don’t come after me. It won’t go well.
Morty: From Dorothy and The Tiny People movie?
Arthricia: Get away from me! No! No! Help! Somebody help me! Aah!
Jerry: Rick, would you please go back to me on David Letterman?
Female Hamster (on TV): Oh, hello there!
Rick: Go ahead and boo. I was breathing piss, you think I care?
Bartender: Oh-ho, without a doubt. Who could relate, being that much of a piece of shit?
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Rick: That's the right attitude Morty. A few carefree verbal asides, always by me. None of this season 3 moonlighting shit. Okay, here it is.
Morty: Listen Unity, I don't think my sister's trying to say that life would be perfect without you. I think she's just saying that life would be... you know, life.
(Flashback: the group is doing the search from earlier, with the new characters added into the scene.)
Jerry: Countries known for their sexually aggressive men. Did I tell you how much I love your new haircut?
Taddi Mason (on TV): ...lonely, just looking for a friend?
Summer: Wow. We are so screwed.
Rick: Lotta people out there want a piece of this, sweetie. I'm cool, and it makes them feel bad. So, y'know, after that trouble with Space Beth, I made passable copies of the family and placed them around the country as a buffer zone to protect–
Rick: That's the deal.
Tammy: (Aiming at Birdperson, warning him.) Sit! Your bird ass, down!
Summer: See, everyone? Tinkles is real. That means so am I.
Pickle Rick: Well, Morty, if you know must know, the syringe is completely unrelated to this discussion, and, therefore, it does not warrant further explanation.
Rick: Don't worry honey, that's just Morty's middle-age talking. He'll be less codependent once we get more of his life in front of him again.
Jerry: Rick, I'm not an idiot. I know what this is.
Unity (voiceover): I'm sure there's no perfect version of me. I'm sure I'll just unify species after species and never really be complete.
Blagnar the Eternal: Our great council would like to offer you this silver orb and with it a place amongst us. (gives him the orb)
Morty: All right, okay, okay, okay, wrap it up. You guys are the fucking worst! Your gods are a lie! Fuck you, fuck nature, and fuck trees!
Jerry: Whoa! What is this on the floor? Some kind of literature for a really nice-looking nursing home. Hey, honey, crazy idea bad pitch let's put your dad here. Let's put your dad in a nursing home.
Students: This is a great adventure.
Morty: All of Rick’s moves are dick moves! Wh-what am I eating? What is this, bird seed?
Jessica: Squeeze them. Manhandle them. Give them the business. See if you can shuffle them. I mean, really get in there and knock them around. No wrong answers.
Dr. Wong: I've heard a lot about you today. Your family is crazy about you. Your daughter holds you in very high regard. You're a lucky fella.
Morty: Yeah, pal. Rick and Morty, 100 years. Forever.
Mr. Beauregard: Begging your pardon, master Rick, but I seem to recall a great deal of confusion surrounding that number.
Rick: Run, Morty! Run!
Jerry: Outside?
Meeseeks 2: Beth, having a family doesn't mean that you stop being an individual. You know the best thing you can do for people that depend on you? Be honest with them, even if it means setting them free.
Morty: What are we gonna do, Rick? We're so screwed. He's gonna get to the ship and smash the microverse, and then he's gonna kill us!
Rick: All right. Okay. All right, great. Wonderful. You win. Can we go home now?
Summer: What am I doing wrong?
Rick: Here's your ( burps ) stupid hat, dipshit.
Jerry: I don't get it, and I don't need to.
Morty: It's actually clean, like a cocaine house. Dad, what's going on?
Morty: Oh, my God!
Rick: It's a prehistoric planet, Morty. Someone has to bring a little culture. And it certainly can't be someone whose entire culture powers my brake lights!
Ethan: Pardon, Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Summer, are you coming to the Ascension?
Morty: What?
Jerry: Dude, are you... wh- you’re being a dick, right?
Rick: Does that look like a bad idea?
Male reporter alien 2: This guy's trying to get out of giving away his penis! (crowd starts to boo and jeer)
President Morty: (calmly) Uh-oh.
Beth: Oh, God. You're right.' I'm sorry.
Rick: Everybody in the car.
Rick: Hey, listen -- you guys quarantined the house when Summer brought olives back from Mexico,
Summer: What the hell?!
Background whisper: LIttle Bits!
Rick: Jerry, what the --Oh shit!
Morty: (Huff) Rick, I got them! I got the crystals! (He hands Rick the bag)
Rick: Listen, you have my word as a caregiver, everything's gonna be fine. And if not, like you say, no more adventures or whatever. It's like that old song 'blomp blomp-a noop noop a-noop noop noop'. You guys know that song? (Elbows Morty.) From Tiny Roger's? You never heard of it? You know, the black effeminate guy from the '50s?
Morty: What viewers?
Lawyer: There is just one more thing. According to this state's veterinarian statute, this animal can't be transferred until the current attending physician verbally confirms their inability to provide adequate care. You heard the man horse doctor, you have to say you couldn't hack it.
Rick: Jesus Christ, get the fuck out of here! (flies away)
Morty: I wasn't kissing a pillow, mom. I just I didn't get a lot of sleep last night. Maybe my dreams were just too loud or something.
Beth: Summer, Morty, are you okay?
Rick: Birdperson, NOOOOOOOO!!
Summer: Fine, I'll find a world where you bothered to have me. We're playing Yahtzee.
Rick: 25 shmeckels? I don't know how much I don't know what that is. Is that a lot? Is it a little?
President: Tell that little bitch to zip it.
Cop Morty: CALL ME A SIDEKICK ONE MORE TIME! CALL ME A SIDEKICK!!
Summer: Mom, stop being jealous of our bond!
Alien Man: Samantha, I need to know that you understand that I have a couple of eyeholes. (The Alien tears off some skin flaps and reveals some eyeholes)
Rick: No-not now!
Cop Morty: No Ricks, no families, high off their asses and runnin’ amok. Mortys are raised to be sidekicks. Without a side to kick, they just start kickin’.
Rick: A hair, Morty, I need one of your hairs! This isn't Game Of Thrones. (plucks hair from Morty's head)
President: Exactly.
Rick: I'm proud of you, Morty.
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV): We have fake doors like you wouldn't believe! What are you worried about? Come get fake doors. Call us up, and order some fake doors today. Don't even hesitate, Don't even worry and don't even...
Jerry: I say we split up! Some of us take down squids, while the rest of us–
Fat Morty: I thought I was Left-Handed Morty.
Intercom (TV): We need one Jan-Michael Vincent to quadrant C. Two Jan-Michael Vincents to quadrant E.
Woman: Wait! Who are you?
Beth: Oh, maybe now you'll empathize with the decoys you're killing!
Pissmaster: Ooh, whole family's here. Who's that redhead? Wouldn't mind spraying her with a golden shower.
Morty: Whoa, whoa!
Jerry: If it's all the same to you, Rick, I'd like to go to the zoo... With my family.
GANGSTER: Whoa.
Rick 30: What are you talking about, it's not broken, Morty, I fixed it, just put it on!
Rick: What the fuck did you do, Summer?!
Toxic Morty: He’s in front of you.
Jerry: Rick?
Rick: He's meta Morty. His life doesn't matter. Yours does. That's why we need to get back.
Agency Director: Shut your mouth and do your jobs, you fucking children!
Ice-T: Ah, hell no, man. You do your thing, but I can’t afford to get my pride wrapped up in your shame. You know what I’m sayin’?
Rick: Sure, Beth. Try to love this more.
Morty: Nothing! Oh, uh, one of the lunch ladies died. They found her in the gym with, like, two holes in her neck and all the blood drained out of her.
Morty: You... You want me to come with? I mean, don't you need my brainwaves for camouflage or something?
Morty: I ain't better than shit, Jack.
Rick: Th-there’s a lot more where that came from too.
Summer: I don't know. It's Indian giving.
Old Guy: Here I am.
Meeseeks 1: In conclusion, a friendship with Summer Smith is the most valuable and enriching experience of your young lives. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me! Thank you!
Summer: Is it God? If it’s God, do we get out of school?
Rick: You know how long a second can take in a microverse?
Morty: (Plays with a cookie in sadness) You're missing the point, Dad. I don't want girls, I want Jessica!
???: You guys have fun with this.
Morty: Lift with your knees, Mom.
Jerry: And it was born on American soil, which entitles it to...
Morty: Can I show you something?
- Summer: Do you love it?
Rick: (surprised) Cool. Wow.
Beth: Well, Jerry, what kind of wife would I be if I did anything to stand in your way?
Rick: Nooooo!
Gear Policeman #1: Are those...?
Rick: Uh, because it's lame?
Rick: Sex sells, Morty.
Uncle Steve: Hey someone's been spending too much time around glowing rocks am I right? (Everybody except Rick laughs, Rick pulls out a gun and shoots Steve in the head)
Morty: Oh, my God! Am I really about to die
Summer: Can we start cleaning the house and see how we feel?
Summer: Grandpa!
Rick: Morty, no! What are you doing?!
Morty: Yeah, Cronenberg Rick, but, you know, I'm gonna miss Cronenberg world, because everyone was Cronenberged all along like us from the beginning, you know? I mean, i-i wish we hadn't genetically ruined Cronenberg world beyond repair like we did, you know, and turned everyone into regular, normal people just walking around.
Rick: You think I'd lie to you about why we're on vacation, Morty? I wouldn't lie to you. Well, that's a lie. Huh.
Rick: Don't waste extra precious seconds with your pettiness, Jerry! (to Summer) Summer, let's run down--
Jerry: I'm looking at her. Thanks for F.D.'ing me up like that.
Diane: Rick? No. Oh, my God.
Rick: Hide.
Episode Title: 'ProMortyus' Aired on: May 10, 2020
Jerry: Boom! Told you! In your face! He is ruining our child! Wait, what am I celebrating?
Zeep: Peace among worlds, Rick.
Evil Morty: Eh. Pass.
Rick: Story time's over.
Rick: Oh, there -- there we go, Summer,
Female student 2: I did it, Morty!
Morty 1: Or...
President: Where's Helen?
Mrs. Pancakes: Oh, I think you've had enough, sir.
Groin System 6000: Assessing threat to groin.
Fart: Goodbye, moonmen. / You say, goodbye, moonmen.
Rick: Geez.
Beth: No, I’m... I’m just saying, we don’t know if there’s a cause-effect relationship --
Rick: Yo, everyone whose first name begins with an 'L' who isn't Hispanic, walk in a circle the same number of times as the square root of your age times ten! (Simulation freezes. Rick and Morty jump offstage.) Run, Morty! Before the system reboots!
RICK: You won't find a carb on my plate, Morty.
Alien #1: I have a pitch.
Jerry Prime: (written) Morty, wrote this fast 'cause had to set trap. Thought you'd have cooler shit. See other note. Bye.
Uncle Steve: Aw shoot, it was supposed to be a surprise! I wanted to thank you for letting me live here all this time, so I'm treating the family to a vacation!
Rick: Yeah it would literally destroy them. Now listen, why do--why do--why--why don't you guys go get a free Sundae ice cream, (Rick puts a rubber band around a rolled up wad of cash) go out there and get some ice creams. Here's five hundred dollars cash in unmarked moneys. I'm just gonna put it on the floor and uh, kick it on over to ya. You guys go nuts.
Morty: Th-thanks, snuffles.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Huh. I-is -- is something wrong, Beth?
Summer: Tinkles! It's past my bedtime.
Rick: You don't think that's overdoing it a little? I mean, you could achieve the same effect with a pair of-- Never mind. You know what? I shouldn't be so critical. I'm an alien.
Slick: Yeah, I bet it goes nowhere. I bet it's a big hole where the Citadel dumps all its broken dreams.
Rick: What are you doing here? W-why are you dressed like a waiter? Screw it. We don't have time. Come on. *starts dragging Jerry with them*
Morty 1: Aw geez, man, nothin’ man, we’re just hangin’ out and stuff.
Rick: I was gonna. Duh.
Morty: Only in the ways that matter. Morty.
Jerry: I think it’s inspiring that our community is coping with fear in a way that involves a festival and homemade ice cream. If you’d stop being such an evangelical atheist, you might start enjoying yourself.
Rick: Because I don't! And (burps) I have to. I came back on accident. The guy I'm looking for, he's... he's not findable, Diane. I live with a version of Beth now.
Rick: Fine, I can kill an extra asshole. Helps me get my steps in.
Morty: No.
Morty: W-We worked together. That's... that's our arc.
Birdperson: No, Morty. Your grandfather is, indeed, in very deep pain. That is why he must numb himself.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Hoo-Whee, what a cliffhanger. Oh, boy, oh, my! That's a reak crazy ending, huh? Hi, I'm Mr. Poopybutthole from episode 204. (Grunts for the pain in his chest) As you can see, (more grunts while lifting a heavy bag of cat ) I'm still recovering from the bullet shot that I got from Beth. Remember that one? Ooh-Whee! Come and get it, kitty. You know, these little fellows help me get through the day. (consumes some pills) Ooh-whee. (consumes some more pills) Oh, whoo-whee! Feels better. (Doorbell rings)
Morty: Why did I get punished?
Glockenspiel Jerry: Hey, who needs all this war stuff? I found a can of varnish. This is a ticket to the world beyond the river!
Dr. Wong: Look at this family go. You guys are pros. What do you guys think about doing this once a week?
Summer: Yeah, you don't love people in hopes of a reward, Dad. You love them unconditionally.
Snoopy Bloopers: Rick Sanchez. I told you if I ever saw your face in here again, I would stick you like the pig you are.
Beth: It’s not God, Summer.
Jerry: A rail system seems archaic for an attraction this impressive. Are you sure the ship will sink?
Connie Tinuity Error: Were those not there before? Guess there has been a Connie Tinuity Error. (Connie Tinuity Error card pops up)
Morty: Wow, Rick, I can't believe we're sitting around, standing around in Mr. Goldenfold's house. It's really weird.
Jerry: Listen, Rick, if you're gonna stay here rent-free and use my son for your stupid science, the least you could do is put a little bit of it to use for the family. You make that dog smart or Morty's grounded!
Jessica: Mm. Oh, Morty. What are you doing to me?
Morty: Oh, geez... I-I can't get that Truth Tortoise out of my head.
Rick: Ugh. This sucks.
Daryl Jefferson: I'm Daryll Jefferson. I'm a landscaper. And I'll be damned if that ripple-nipple bitch's race is superior! The cone-nipple people will rule this world!
Summer: Or maybe you were out all night again with Grandpa Rick.
Baby Legs (on TV): Baby Legs, here we go! That's the sound I make, when I'm trying to run fast. All right, I'm not going to get him. I'm, I-I just learned a real valuable lesson.
Beth: You two are hungry.
Summer: What the fuck, Grandpa? Say something.
Morty: So did you help build the Citadel? Did you just lie to me about everything?
Rick: We’re on a planet that’s purging, Summer. Purging. We lost our car and my gun, and we’re in a purge.
Birdperson: Tammy?
Jerry: Ok...
Morty: Yeah, gladly. Geez man, Ricks huh?
Lobster alien: Hey, keep it down!
Pickle Rick: Oh, God! Perpendicular, perpendicular!
Evil Morty: What happens if Rick actually kills this guy? You ever think about that? Maybe he’ll kill himself next.
Zeep: Eek barba dirkle, somebody's gonna get laid in college.
Morty: What the...? Cousin Nicky was a parasite?!
Rick: Hard concept, Morty. Hard concept. I've never really cracked it, if I'm being honest. Decided it was maybe better as a kind of kinetic mislead for another special episode!
Jerry: I know, right?
MORTY: Let me out.
Morty: Oh, man, Rick. What is this place?
Rick: I made Sanchez-eum up, dumbasses.Don't believe everything you read on Wikipedia.
Candidate Morty: Maybe you should find a little faith, young man.
Morty: I'M FINE!!
Samantha: What the fuck is going on?
Pickle Rick: Come on, flip the pickle, Morty. You're not gonna regret it. The payoff is huge.
Jerry: Oh, you are going to ruin that kid, Morty,
Morty: Whoa. Dead wife?
Morty: You said I could go to school today.
Cop Rick: No thank you, and bad math. *see Bearded Morty enjoying Jeans Shorts Morty dancing*
Morty: I'm gonna miss you, snowball.
President: It won’t matter how schwifty you get, Morty. The General’s got nukes set to launch halfway through Earth’s song!
Morty: What's wrong?
Morty: Okay, look, I-I may have used an Aging Serum to kind of emotionally blackmail you a little.
Rick: His name is Brett Caan. He has power is to make things always have been other things.
Cop Morty: Bootleg portal fluid.
Rick 1, 2 and 3: Uh, we did...
Morty: Can that thing support my weight?
Rick body: All right, Jerry, you can do this.
Morty: Wow, you know what? I mean, it looks like we could have just hid this whole time. Boy, Rick, that was some good thinking.
Other kid: Life comes at you fast.
Teacher Rick: Anything’s possible, Tall Morty. Ugh...
Jerry: I can't leave now. Everyone hates me.
Rick: We did it, Morty. Now let's get out of here and destroy this whole universe.
Deformed Morty: There's no escape. No escape!
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. I really don't want to have to do that.
Rick: I didn't respect your marriage. I certainly didn't do it any favors. And for what it's worth, I'll apologize to Beth for it when we get home. Whoo! Whirly Dirly! Yeah!
Rick: Well, I can't solve the problem my way, thanks to your family's primitive biological hang-ups!
Letterman (on TV): It's a pleasure to have you.
Jerry: The fact that you feel that way makes you the best Rick of them all.
Frankenstein: That's a cool watch there, Rick. Can I check it out?
Beth: Look, I've been patient, but I can't tell how to get mad at who. No one enters my room or touches me until this is wrapped up.
Rick: I'm Doctor Who in this mother Fucker! I could be a clone. I could be a hologram. We could be clones controlled by robots controlled with special headsets that the real Rick and Morty are wearing while they're f*cking your mother!
Beth: I have a Defiance? Oh, God, I'm a clone.
Cop Rick: Look, I’m just saying. Makes me a little sad to hear a Morty cop calling Mortys “animals”.
Rick: It was cute! Fuck we gotta find a new timeline now! You know how hard that shit is without portals? We gotta do the thing with the Rift and the beacon again! The whole fucking episode all over again! Car, fabricate some vomit bags.
Summer: My slave?
Morty: Oh man! Let me help all of you guys up!
Machine: What is my purpose?
Jerry (angrily): I prefer my own penis! And so should you! (they stare at each other madly before getting interrupted by Alien 1):
Wong: Call me Helen.
Rick: Ooh, boy, Morty, you're really showing me how it's done. Real straightforward and fun.
Device: Target locked.
Jerry: Oh. Uh, well, is there an Aux input?
- JERRYBODY: Morty's kidnapped? No, no, no.
Summer: That's horrible!
Beth: Coffee time!
Scarecrow Rick: He's right here, Morty! Oh, are we not happy to see grandpa? Does he look...different?
Jerry: Ahhh, well, (gets another jar of sauce out of the cupboard) I remember feeling that way about a young lady named your mom, and that's not an urban dis, your mom was my Jessica. I remember the first time I saw her, I thought...
Pissmaster's Daughter: It's me. Please, please just open up. Dad? Mom told me you weren't responding to her calls and I'm worried, okay? I know I said terrible things about you on my podcast. It's just... I've been so frustrated with you. (voice breaks) Look, if you were to ever do something, I'd never stop blaming myself. Just, please. Please let me know you're okay.
Rick: It's okay, we're good. Treat it like a bear attack Morty. Walk backwards and make yourself look big. (They both turn around)
Beth: It's not, don't overreact. I can clean it up.
Beth: Holy crap, I am winning a Nobel Prize.
Morty: I'm telling you, man, you're making a big mistake here.
Rick: I’ll let you know, Morty. Gone with the wind, am I right? If you don’t like that one, Morty, an alt on that one could be, like...if I said Gasablanca! ...Alright, I’m done. (Morty starts driving.) Let’s get to the Promethean Nebula, so my grandson can finish savin’ a life!
Summer: Still wanna share? ( Whooshing )
Snuffles: Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?
Morty: Rick, please tell me you’re not trying to put that stuff back inside of us.
Morty: I think that you're the most --
Rick: What, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? You realize that nighttime makes up half of all time?
Morty: This isn't healthy, Rick! Y- you know you-you're really up to no good around here. I-at-at this place, you know?
Birdperson: Morty, do you know what 'wubba lubba dub dub' means?
Rick Prime: I just walked into your garage before you walked into mine! But eventually you did! You lived in my house!
Story Lord: Well this doesn't look like the citadel. (looks at the citadel toy store) Maybe it's cooler on the inside.
Fart: Here it is. This should take me back to my kind.
Rick: Every 10th.
Previous Leon: Eat lead pussy! (Rick attacks him before he can shoot. Previous Leon hits him and fly away)
Jessica: Because you kept drunk dialing me and crying about it.
Cop Morty: Aw geez, Rick. What do I know about knowin’ stuff? Get in the fucking car.
Morty: You can't beat me up. I'm- I'm- I'm- I'm technically a Christian child.
Rick: You know god damn well what it is, baby. Get in here.
Jerry: Yeah, Rick. Obviously you were born smarter than me. But if I had your brain....but if I had your brain... - If you had my...
Lizard Morty: Guess we won’t be seein’ each other after this, huh?
Principal Vagina: Jerry and Beth, your family is a golden example of what Headism has to offer the world.
Morty: Hey... (Cough) ah...
Rick: He built it again.
Carl: That's an exaggeration, sir. ( Sighs )
Beth: Dad? What's wrong?
Rick: Knock it off! Get out of here! You did this last season! You're like a suicide bomber!
Rick: Oh, am I not a non-threat now?
Jessica: It's beautiful.
Captain #2: Well, do something! Steer into it!
Rick: Okay, I might look into it.
Summer: Oh, my God! This is so cool!
Beth: Oh, I don't think you do. I bring my husband in for emergency medical treatment, he's gone an hour, and now you want his PENIS, and you hand me some... catalog. It's--It's--It's--It's, I mean.
Jerry: Hey! Ah! We've been over this. All I do is say 'hey.'
Tammy: You know what THIS human eats!
Summer: (Lying) Are you kidding me? I don't even know what she's doing here.
Rick: Hey, Ball Fondlers? Huh? Ball Fondlers?
Rick: On paper, Morty, on paper! I wouldn’t do this, it’s barbaric overkill. I mean, you could accomplish the same result with like five Mortys and a jumper cable. Which I also wouldn’t do! I’m just saying, it’s bad craftsmanship.
Rick: Just like 'Minecraft'!
Morty: It's because you're petty! You know, how many times have I had to follow you into some nonsensical bull crap? I always roll with the punches, Rick. Why can't you? Look, I got to take a leak, and when I come back, if you haven't learned how to lighten up, don't be here!
Dr. Wong: And why would they want to be ignored?
Toxic Rick: (Dodges the bullet.) Jesus Christ! What are you doing?!
Armed Rick 6: They could have gone into any one of these.
Morty: We’re not purging anyone, Rick, all right? W-will you stop it?
Morty: Rick, you got to do something quick. My parents are home.
Rick: Oh good. Morty, this is Miss- (Miss Lead slaps Rick in the face) Lead.
Rick: Oh, man. Y-you hear that, Morty? You really lucked out with Summer o-on that one. (Sips from his drink)
Morty: What the hell, Rick? What the hell?
Jerry: Hmm. Hmm... *hesitantly makes to pet the creature, but its face suddenly splays out in a tentacle formation* Agh! *runs away*
Unity (Townspeople): Hey! Right here! We’re fine!
Jerry: Oofa!
Summer: I’m ignoring you.
Rick: Yeah... that's right, Morty. (Morty starts walking away) That's right. Wait, Morty. You have to promise not to tell anyone, but your dad made Pissmaster kill himself.
Candidate Morty: Hey! *they shake hands* Did you end up getting a new job?
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Morty: We're gonna be okay, Rick.
Rick: Yeah, I am. To get ice cream.
Rick 1: Oh, my God.
Fat Morty: It’s not a myth! M-m-my first Rick’s fourth Morty knew a Rick whose Morty went there.
Rick D716: Those stories and more after this break.
President: What kind?
Beth: *laughs*
Mailman: My man!
Alien Man: Oh, my goodness you have eight eyeholes! (Their eyeholes make contact and start to 'kiss') Oh, I'm looking through your eyeholes!
Space Beth: You could connect it to not dying.
Beth: *sighs* Want kinda question is that?
Morty: Oh, here we go again! you know, who do you think is gonna love you if you conquer the planet, Morty Jr,?!
Builder Hat Morty: You look like you could use a good time! One dance for 10, two for 25!
Summer: Now, be my footstool, Snuffles.
Owl #3: Good luck.
Beth: Isn't there a kitten somewhere that needs a manicure?
TV Host: Ha ha ha ha, right!
Rick: The Whirly Dirly? All right, what's going on here? When did you get cool?!
Rick: Oh man, I'm trying to remember Morty.
Rick: Whoa, whoa! Morty! Give me that!
Rick: Raah!
Morty: Rick, this is a fantasy-type world with creatures and all sorts of fantasy things. We're going on a quest, okay?
Morty Jr: Maybe!
Rick: Bring me the thing.
Rick: Fifty-five years. Not bad, Morty. You kinda wasted your thirties though with that whole birdwatching phase.
Rick: Infinite timelines, infinite possibilities - including a time line where Jerry's a movie star. Look, you guys are getting excited about the wrong aspect of this device. Ju-- Wa-- Look at this.
All Meeseeks: He's got it! That's a lower handicap stro-o-ke!
Rick: Might work. Alt pitch, we just terminate the rest of the decoys.
Morty: Aaaah!
Jerry: Hey, Jerry-lover!
Morty 2: It's a monster!
Morty: I'm fine. Get off Rick's back. Rick wasn't even here when I was doing all that stuff. That was all on me.
Rick: Well, technically, Morty, there's no rush. I mean, you know, o-once it's fixed, it's done. It's fixed. You know, we could we could just enjoy it for a little bit. I mean, l-l-l-look at how crazy it is. I mean, Morty, w-w-when's the next time you're gonna see something like this? I mean, soak it in, you know? It's it's pretty neat. It's pretty interesting.
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Wow, that one was really quick, wasn't it?
Fat Morty: It is real! *Slick breaks the lock with a lead pipe and the gates open*
Arthricia: Check this move out.
Tinkles: Summer, I've always loved you!
Rick: All right, I’m gonna go to the roof and set things up. Morty, you listen to his tale.
Morty: Maybe the first few times, but this just sucks.
BETH: Jerry?
Ramamama Leader: Very well. Now I will fight you.
Beth: Oh, stop affecting that stupid hip-hop dialect!
Cop Rick: Why is there a crib in here?
Rick: Don't short-sell yourself, Summer. You got everything it takes. But it'll still be fun to do this as a team, mother tiny Rick!
Summer: It was Tinkles! Tinkes?
Rick: Relax, Morty. Look! Mrs. Pancakes has a parachute. Come on!
Swat Officer 1: Jesus Christ, cease fire! Stay back! H-h-hunter?
Toxic Rick: That’s because you’re worthless! (He steps on a creature’s face that’s in the muck, killing it.) Jesus, how big was this explosion? I’m a genius. I don’t have time for this shit.
Beth: Jerry?!
Beth: Please don’t do this, please don’t do this! Summer!
Rick: Oh, no, Morty. His subconscious is panicking.
Rick: Yeah, sure thing. Wait a minute. What? Why?
Jerry: Life is effort, and I'll stop when I die.
Rick: Oh yeah! I want youuuuuu!
Narrator: He made us all take a look at what we were doing, and at the bargain he got a taste of real freedom.
Simon: SETI, NORAD, and every broadcaster on the planet are attempting to show this being what humanity’s got. String theory, world history, the human genome.
Spider: (in subtitles) What wicked webs we un-weave.
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED! DISQUALIFIED!
Male voice: Hey, how's it going? This is my butthole ice cream parlor.
Rick: I told the both of you school is stupid. It's not how you learn things. Morty's a gifted child. He has a special mind. That's why he's my little helper. He's like me. He's gonna be doing great science stuff later in his life. He's too smart for school. He needs to keep hanging out and helping me.
Jerry: What the -- aah! Aah!
Rick: Psych! Just kidding -- my new catchphrase is, 'I don't give a fuck'.
Evil Rick: You’re crying? Over a Morty?
Toxic Morty: Uh I th-I think my voice is annoying.
Everyone: Orb-yes.
Summer: Really?! Thanks! When did you get rad?
Morty: Yes no more cats, no more cats, oh you did it, you fixed it.
Morty: What?!
Rick: Coming through. Two real aliens walking through here.
Morty: Hey there, Jessica. (Pretends to trip, wiping the potion on Jessica's arm) Whooa-whoopsie!
Rick: Fuck off, Summer.
Magnesium-J: Very well. Your exile ends today!
Beth (quietly to Jerry): Which would you prefer between the XP20 and the XP20XS?
Rick: Gross people. I don't want to have to picture cum so watery in such volumes that... Hey, hey, hey, stay back. I'll kick you. I-I'll kick your shin, bro. Aaah! Hey! I'll fucking cook and eat your ticket-taking ass! ( Coughs ) Hey, I found a ticket. ( Coughs ) Wow, you are just... Ladies and gentlemen, The Jackie chan of human shielding. Who takes the time to get this good at... Fuck this. Aaah... Structural breach. Losing continuity. Morty, hold on to something. Keep your head inside.
Morty: What about my beard and unborn child?
Candidate Morty: I don’t see a divide between Ricks and Mortys.
Andy: Hi! I'm the Citadel's new mascot, Andy. Because this place wouldn't be home without Ricks Andy Morties!
Rick: 6, 10, what's the difference? I just love the number 6 for no reason! Where's my pencil at?
Summer 1: It's a monster!
Story Lord: Right, just give me motivation you hacky fart.
Rick Prime: (on a pre-recorded video displayed on a hologram projection) Whoa-ho-ho, you found me!
Doofus Rick: I’m not doofus Rick! I’m Rick J-19-Zeta-7!
Rick: He’s the worst Rick.
Rick: Okay, okay, take it easy. Don’t do it.
Beth: Aww, thank you!
Rick: What?
Mr. Twist: That's the twist Morty. It's you.
Rick: Jerry, if I make pants, they'll be better than your pants at home. Also, if I wanted to kill you --
Rick: What? Just give me a gun,
Jerry: I don't get it. You... You were Pissmaster the whole time?
President Morty: Pfft, you sell-out Mortys kill me. I'd hate you more than the Ricks you worship if there was any point. But you can't help it; you were bred for it. Wanna see?
Unity: what the fuck are you spraying me with
Beth: So now what do we do?
Morty: I’ve got so many, I can barely hold them all! *holding chips in his shirt* Look at, look at this. Oops. I dropped one.
Jerry: No! What happened?!
Rick: Oh my god. Oh my god.
Beth: Can you please make Morty fourteen again, Dad? This is ridiculous.
Squanchy: RAAOOWWARR!!! (Fatally slaps an Gromflomite his way.) WHAT ABOUT A TASTE OF MY SQUANCH!!?? (Growls as he fights the rest of the agents and officers.)
Cop (on TV): I just want to know who could've done something like this. It's a travesty!
Rick: He is different. But different doesn’t mean him. Could be a trap.
Pickle Rick: Great question, Summer. The unfortunate answer is I did this to challenge myself. And it could take hours or even days before I'm able to figure out how to return to human form. But, I mean, you know, your mom could put me in a purse or a pocket, you know, if she really needs me to go.
Beth: I'm a certified horse surgeon, and this deer needs medical attention. Nurse, please move that snake.
Tank-top Jerry: Hey, are you the one that left?
Rick: Well , w-what did you think, Morty? Life just developed on earth by itself? Here, let me take care of this.
Morty: Whoa! Holy crap! I thought we were inside your car battery, Rick. T-t-this is like a whole p-planet or something.
Rick: Hey, it's not my fault that Jerry's an idiot.
Jerry: That is a hatch! Your father put a hatch in my garage!
Morty: Ahh!
Rick: All right, mister comedy man, you don’t have to bust my balls. You’re not helping things.
Morty: Uhhokay.
Wong: Andre.
Beth: Jerry!
Waiter: Here's your drink, poser.
Ship: Confirmed.
Jerry: Oh, real nice, Rick.Turning our son into an Akira? Real nice.
Jerry: *wiping goo off himself* Uhhh... Huhhh.... (Stumbles upon two fleshy alien creatures mid-coitus.) Oooh! *runs away*
Previous Leon: Where's my soup? (coughs)
Morty: Man, he sure says 'bitch' a lot!
Rick: You're missing the point, Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No.
Morty: And you expect me to? (runs in the house)
Sleepy Gary: Jerry, just say it.
Grace Smith: (to Jessica) Hey.
Rick: Why?
Morty: Holy crap!
Beth: Careful, honey! (she tries to run toward Jerry and Pissmaster, but Morty grabs her by the arm and shakes his head no)
Phillip Jacobs (on TV): Ohhh, tune in next week...
Rick: It's not nice to recognize a president can we go
Ice-T: A squeegee comes up from the garage, right? And he’s got a lobster in one hand and movie tickets in the other. He’s like, “I’m ready!”
Ron Benson: ...Yeah. My name is Ron Benson. I'm... an electrical engineer. Father of two, and as you can see from my flat concentric nipple rings, I'm a member of this planet's top race!
Morty: Is this why you wanted to get out of town?
Morty 1: This sounds like something the One True Morty might say. I’m sick of being a human shield! I-I-I-I wanna be a gardener!
Mr President: Wouldn't go well? Can you elaborate?
Rick: Yeah, you. You're not right ever.
Nancy: What? Why -- why me?
Morty: Holy crap!
Rick: Tonight, the only adventure you're on is your cusping manhood.
Beth: 57. Thankfully, you're in a super-sophisticated alien hospital, so it was basically like getting a splinter removed.
Rick: Take off your pants and your panties
Morty: I can't finish without it.
Rick: Then -- then -- then it's a broken Defraculator.
Pickle Rick: Wow. Ugh.
Beth: (Sigh) I am gonna go back to the room to finish my book. You should find that Lucy woman. (Walks away from Jerry)
Summer: Where did he get a gun? Who gave him a gun?
Beth: Oh, here we go, right to the victim role.
Rick: You're into lame stuff, Morty. I thought young dumb people considered it an honor to work for presidents or whatever the sh1t.
Morty: Look out Rick!
Rick: Hey, here’s something no science could measure. I’m real proud to be your grandpa, Morty.
Jerry-Sitter: Okay then, that was always allowed.
Stealy: Hey, I'm Stealy. Follow me on my adventure through this office. Alright, here we go. We're gonna just steal a couple of things. (He walks into another room and just starts taking things)
Rick: You don’t have to be a dick.
Morty: In my butt?
Summer: Yes,
Rick: All right, that should do it.
Rick: What do you say, Morty?
Diane: Where am I? Who are you people?
Beth: Yeah, that's amazing.
Rick: Alright, hey, one down! Probably, what, forty more to go? Forty-five? Should be pretty easy, unless killing them brings in a bigger bad or some kind of horrible mothership. Okay, let's loot their ship, find their weaknesses, be done by sundown.
Magma-Q: I love you son. I should have never turned you to ice. (He dies.)
Morty: Huh, seems like TV from other dimensions has a somewhat looser feel to it.
Harold: *passing by, sees Rick playing Roy* Holy shit! This guy’s taking Roy off the grid! (Other alien patrons gasp and congregate around Rick.) This guy doesn’t have a social security number for Roy!
Morty: Uh-huh.
Rick: I do childproofing stuff while you're asleep.
Worker #2: I do, but there's no excuse to not practice guitar.
Rick: Mm-hmm.
Other Rick: None, we chilled at Blips and Chitz all day, ain’t that right homie?
Fart: Fart.
Jerry: Thank you! I’m Jerry. *extends hand*
Beth: Listen to me,
Squanchy: (Stops Summer) Uh, no. You're not squanchy enough for a squanchy party.
Rick 2: And away we go!
Army General: Holy hell.
Rick: Well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier, then turned on Jerry, Beth, and Summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species, but your guess is as good as mine, Morty.
Summer: Well now I'm going to barf. Come on Morty.
Morty: *stomps past Rick* Well then I guess we’re all getting in the car! Right, uh...
Morty: Well, seems like everybody here's cool with it. Except for all those redheads. They seem like they're in a hurry to be somewhere else.
Captain #2: What do you mean there's not a problem?
Rick: Uh... people? Mm, six.
Woman (on TV): Glenn, this is a court order. It says you can't eat shit anymore.
Morty: (Walking around picking up trash from the ground and putting it in a garbage bag. The house is very crowded) (Huff) (Huff) Oh! Y-y-you know there's a garbage, right?
Second Rick: Dressing as decoys too cute to murder. You know, I'm not sure it helped, but I'm glad we tried it.
Toxic Morty: (Starts screaming in terror) Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
Beth: I was reading a newspaper,
Summer: Agh! Aghaaaa!
Morty: T-t-that's absolutely crazy!
Summer: I never said I was angry at you.
Rick: I'm a full season behind.
Rick: Yeah just don't do it.
Pencilvester: You're good at it, Rick.
Summer: Did you get sugar chicken?
Rick: Yeah, you're mean -- No offense.
Meeseeks 2: Oh, yeah! Yes, ma'am!
Juggling Rick: But it has to be balanced with defense! *starts juggling all three balls* Whoa!
A man in the audience: No! Why?!?
Announcer: The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
Eyehole Man: Get up on out of here with my Eyeholes!
Morty: (continues crying)
Mr. Marklevitz: Yes.
Morty: Je-Jessica. Jessica.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Wish I didn't do that!
Rick: As a matter of fact, Terry, there is something you could help us with.
Rick Prime: It's all prerecorded.
Summer 1: Ugh, I can help too.
Rick: Because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen. And because I have a human shield.
Scary Terry: Aww, bitch. I don't know what to say.
Beth: What?!
Summer: Oh, so, now, you're too cool for this, just because grandpa Rick is?
Pickle Rick: I wouldn't be much of a pickle if I could.
Morty: Um... should we maybe stop somewhere and get you a coffee? Maybe splash a little water on your face, or...?
Rick: I'm sorry, Summer. Your opinion means very little to me. How come you're not at this stupid dance everyone loves so much?
Alien Woman: It's the Crow Man!
Jerry (on TV): You speak da tru-tru.
Second Rick: Good enough. Morty?
Garblovian: Agah blahg-blah! (Jibberish continues as Jerry rushes away. Other aliens heckle him.)
Space Beth: You kill a good bug, for a horse doctor.
Fart: Morty... Why... Why?
Rick: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa!
Rick: That's fine. I said I'm not leaving without a selfie.
Glasses Morty: I wish incest porn h-had a more mainstream appeal, f-for a friend of mine. *Slick takes a step forward, feeling withdrawn*
Morty: Yes, oh, yes, yes!
Rick: Okay, Jerry. You drive a hard bargain, but what am I supposed to do? Say no? You-you really wear the pants around here. I just want you to know, between us, from now on, it's gonna be clear communication.
Rick: Any of your, uh, scientists working on anything new?
Rick: Par-me-sian.
Rick: Yeah, I'm not pushing back on that Morty. I have really fucked us.
Rick: Remember five seconds ago when you guys were stoked about me changing, because it made you feel superior?
Beth: Do you think something ate him?
Summer: The heads are displeased! (She jumps and grabs Beth and Jerry’s legs.)
Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT. I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU GOT. (lamp post falls over, Terry runs out of frame)
Beth: Tammy?
Rick: Booth! Come on, Morty.
Beth: Jerry!
Beth: I'm gonna pee-hee-hee.
[After credits scene: Jerry is sitting in Rick’s bedroom, trying not to cry. Rick enters]
Morty: Rick!
Rick: Oh, Morty, it's been hijacked for at least two full minutes. Are you not hearing this insane conversation? Okay, tickets please guy, stop the anthology. If we wanted one-offs, we'd do interdimensional cable, Not some uptight, overwritten... Rick? God damn!
Beth: Whatever. How petty would I have to be to care less about an animal's life than my own ego?
Rick: Yeah, that sounds fun.
Jerry: Beth, this is my house, which makes this my garage, my secret hatch, my hidden subterranean lair, and my faceless gargler. Now, are you going to keep hating this playa, or are you gonna jack my steed?
Morty: Rick?
Space Beth: Oh, ha-ha! Well, the self-loathing buys a lot back.
Jerry: Hey! What the heck?
Owl #3: He's only one man!
Rick: Interesting fun fact, uh... Moynihan and Piece of Toast hate each other. Apparently they've got some real creative differences.
Jerry: Cold Stone Creamery is the best. What should we do with our remaining twenty dollars?
Rick: Come on, let's just get over there and deal with this thing. W-we're gonna incept your teacher. You're frustrating me.
Rick: Me? You decoy piece of shit. You're the one that shot first!
Rick: Ooh-la-la, someone's gonna get laid in college.
Rick Prime: Diane was wiped from all existence by The Weapon Too Cool for a Name.
Summer: Where's Dad?
Rick: The Ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with Jerry. They won’t be able to help themselves. But as soon as they get bored they’ll be on to us.
Beth: Just glad you have to walk a mile in someone else's squid costumes.
Jerry: I'd like to attend a game at every major league ballpark.
Morty: I think you're getting what you wanted, Summer. Something's happening to Unity.
Space Beth: So, we overrode the gates, and the slave rebellion took the capital. Pretty cool.
Jerry: Okay, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. We'll go home.
Rick: Oh, yes, Morty. It's almost unbelievable, isn't it?
Rick: You guys, we got to hurry. I just got back from Walmart. They're selling Nintendo 3ds systems for $149.99 on sale, plus every time you buy one, you get a $50 gift card. Brings the total price down to $110 after tax. Now, listen, we can flip those sons of bitches for 230 bucks apiece easy! They're all limited-edition 'Zelda' ones. Hurry! Hurry! Come with me! We can be rich, and we also all get to keep one and we can play Nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff.
Morty: I hope he's eating enough.
Morty: He did?
Mr. Tophat Jones (on TV): Oh, I love me Strawberry Smiggles! Ooh, I hope nobody ever gets my hands on me, and tries to steal my Strawberry Smiggles. I'm going to eat every last one of them, because and then they'll be in my stomach, and nobody will ever be able to eat them. Except for me, because they're going to be all inside my stomach. I'm my name is Mister... Tophat Jones, and God forbid anyone ever take my sniggy, little pig-dul smiggles. I'm keeping 'em all for me.
Butthole Ice Cream proprietor: I got all kinds of ice cream -- peanut butter and jelly... (an ice cream butthole makes a farting noise)....vanilla...(farting noise)....chocolate...(farting noise)...and every flavor served out of a butthole... (Jerry groans while watching) ...just like you're back home.
Jerry: Not a single thing.
Summer: Uh, I'd like him to stay forty so he can keep buying my friends molly!
Jerry: Long story short, I asked Gene if he borrowed my rake, and he said, 'No,' like...like that. Like, too fast. Like, faster than someone should know they don't have my rake. I think he has my rake, and I...
Rick: Yeah.
Morty: Look at me! Look at me! Don't -- don't fall asleep!
Summer: Grandpa Rick! What happened... with Unity?
Rick: Okay.
Man: Oh, and making food is?
Jerry (on TV): The pleasure's all mine.
Rick: Sure. Why not? I don’t, I don't know. Y-you know what, Mo--
Morty: You don’t care about me at all! I’m no different than that jacket you’ve got on! Y-y-or-or your stupid portal gun! I’m just a tool! I-I’m just an object!
Rick: Take it from me, Ice. *burp* You can’t just *burp* float around space not caring about stuff forever.
Rick: Wow. I thought my capitalism metaphor was on the nose.
Rick: A human egg? Where-where-where did you get it?
Toxic Rick: You see the bad man in front of you? You’re a good little boy, you’re gonna get him. You’re gonna get him.
Rick: Yeah.
Beth: Well, I mean, you don't want to get pierced by a needle full of liquid unrelated to your situation. How's that gonna help?
Morty: I mean, I-I think it's pretty big, you know? Big step for the big cheese.
Rick: It's a symptom of a larger concern, Morty.
Rick: Thanks, pal. I-I'm glad you ignored my advice.
Rick: All right, Morty, looks like the portal gun's still working. You ready to head home?
Rick: You-you don't have to worry about me getting with Jessica or anything. Sh-sh-she-- she, she, she's all for you, Morty.
Summer: Oh, Unity I am so sorry. I didn't know freedom meant people doing stuff that sucks! I was thinking more of... a choose-your-own-cellphone-carrier thing.
Morty: We kicked his ass!
Rick: What's this ‘was’ stuff? I just need to hydrate and then we’re doing that again!
Decoy Rick: Shit! Someone put a gun in my teeth!
Morty: Rick... We'll have two bloogies, please. And, uh, we were wondering, is there a faster way two heroes could get down these stairs?
Jerry: Oh, for crying out--he's got some kind of disability or something. Is that what you want us to say?
Rick: I was born crying and pissing myself, just like you. Then I become the smartest man in the universe, and do I get credit? No, I get to check my brain privilege.
Katie: Well if you didn't do that, you wouldn't be my man.
Automated male voice: You have 470,000 messages.
President: What?! Bro you're nuts
Meeseeks 3: Look at me. I'm Mr. Meeseeks. I've been trying to help Jerry for two days, an eternity in Meeseeks time, and nothing's worked. I fear the worst.
Morty: What the hell was that?! I thought those crystals were supposed to help us get home or something!
Beth: It's nobody's choice to be here, you knobs. The family was told to get counseling by your principal, even though it's not the family that was huffing pottery glaze in the art room and desk wetting in history class.
Jessica: (infected) Who cares? Just hold me.
Rick: I told you. Way overpowered. (uses a match to explode the barrels)
Morty: Come on, hurry. Behind this cookie jar.
Rick: Oh, my God! Oh, shit. That was... okay, yeah. T-that was gross. Wow. Man, I think my eyes were bigger than my stomach on this one, Morty. Ugh. My appetite for purge-spectating got filled pretty quick. Oh, God.
Jerry: Is it just part of growing up to hate your dad?
Teacher Rick: 'This is a great adventure.'
Morty: Rick, who-who is Jan-Michael Vincent?
Morty: Okay. Uh-huh. Alright.
Rick: Hey, you know what, Morty? Why don’t we christen our squeaky-clean windshield here by watching a little of this purge through it?
- All: Droppin' loads!
Summer: Nothing. I didn't say anything. I was just playing along with you guys.
Morty: Usually, walking down the courthouse steps is the easy part of the adventure.
Rick: Morty!
RICK: 'Wayne,' huh?
Rick: You don't have to try to impress me, Morty. Listen, tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher, Mr. Goldenfold, and we're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you A's in math, Morty. That way you can, you know, y-you're gonna help me with my science, Morty, all the time.
Alien #1: All in favor of offering orbship to Eugene Michael Piss, aka Pissmaster?
Rick Prime: So, uh, original grandson. This is super weird. Obviously we’re, uh, both trying to kill each other.
Bartender Morty: *fixing a new drink* Hey, cheer up, pal! A Morty’s gonna be president. *gestures to TV* Imagine this kisser gettin’ blamed for everything!
Corn Man 2 (on TV): Yeah... But one of us is dead corn!
Beth: I am not putting my father in a home! He just came back into my life, and you want to grab him and stuff him under a mattress like last month's Victoria's Secret?
Rick: What? Dumb. Bye.
Beth: Oh, Jesus Christ, one of these. No, my father has never turned himself into a pickle before. He's unpredictable and eccentric. The whole family is. Speaking of which...
Beth: Morty, Mom's talking. I'm sorry, I suppose that's a good segue into our little discipline cases here.
Summer: Guys, seriously. Nancy?
Announcer (on TV): Written and directed by Jerry Smith.
Evil Morty: There you go, kid! Now you're Evil Morty too. Sooner or later, we all are, on this side of the Curve.
Jerry: Everything's dead to you.
Rick: Okay, I'm the one that made this possible. It's not a competition. Of course not.
Rick: (Unscrewing and drinking from scotch flask) Hey, what's up, Squanchy?
Mr. Goldenfold: Now, who can tell me the common denominator of these two factions? You don’t know or y’all just bored?
President: Task Force Alpha is disbanded.
Rick: I'll be damned. I'm out.
Rick D-716: Oh, God! Oh fuck, no! Whoa--
Morty: We’ve been going non-stop, Rick. It’s not healthy. You know, these are my teenage years. I-I just found out Jessica’s single.
Priest: God is not a lie.
Summer: Grandpa Rick, no, no!
Pickle Rick: Flip the pickle over.
Kiara: We must move! Our reservation is at 7:00.
Random Jerry: *opens email and laughs* Duck, duck, birdie? (All Jerrys open emails and laugh.) Very funny!
Rick Worker: Yo, J-22! Give 'em hell!
Morty: Um, w-we come in peace.
Morty: No, it's... it's okay. I-I like doing it.
Rick: You got that right. But... baby, listen. Y-you're talking about taking over planets and galaxies, you gotta... you gotta just... remember to let go sometimes, you know.
Morty 1, 2 and 3: We have them on.
Brad Anderson: Well, did you get the impression
Jerry: I told you I was ordering you something for Valentine's Day. More importantly, your father is a horrible influence on our son.
Rick: My God's the biggest dick that's never existed. Why do you think I'm even here?
Morty: (In woe) Alright, well, I'm gonna go get dressed for the dance. (exits kitchen)
Morty: Rick!
Second Rick: Fuck you, Summer.
Jessica: I totally forgot my I have a thing, and...
Crowscare: Now that I have his two crows, nothing will stop me from eliminating Crow Rick!
Rick: Previous Leon! Grab him!
All: Happy Ascension!
Steve: Sir, there seems to be a confluence of Rick Sanchezes killing each other over the American Southwest.
Cop Morty: Oh, Grandpa Rick! I don't wanna be on the Citadel anymore! I want to be a regular kid! I want to go to school and throw balls around and masturbate!
Female computer voice: Rerouted. Rerouted. Rerouted.
Blagnar the Eternal: We're not gonna add Scarlett Johansson. Next up: Mr. Nimbus, lord of the oceans.
Morty: Yeah.
Rick D716: And I’m Rick D716.
Krombopulos Michael: I have no code of ethics, I will kill anyone, anywhere! Children, animals, old people, doesn’t matter. I just love killin’!
Holo-Rick: Just kidding. I'm a crisis detection and correction hologram generated by a chip that 'real' Rick put in your spine. 'Real' in quotes because calling density-privileged entities 'real' is incredibly holo-phobic. Morty, do me a solid... problematic wordplay aside... grab the gun with the blue handle from the trunk and get a tissue sample from the corpse.
Rick: Shut up, Morty. The last time you felt something, we all almost died. You little s--piece of shit.
Beth: My shoe fits up your ass.
Morty: Wait, wha, w-w-what are we gonna do?
Morty: Oh, yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you, Rick? Well, you know what? We're not bailing out just yet. You know, we're gonna go find some treasure or something and and we're gonna bring it to those villagers.
Rick: Awww.
Toxic Rick: Fuck you, Summer!
Rick: No-o-o-o-o-o!
Slow Mobius: Where am I? Two Ricks? Where’s my wife? I was just with my wife!
Rick: I've been to 300 versions of Earth's moon, including this one, and I've never seen signs of a 'regular dude,' as you describe him, hanging out up there.
Rick: (Shoves Morty towards the door where jessica went) I just did you a favor, Morty.
Morty: Ah!
News Anchor (on TV): Breaking News: Academy Award-winning actor Jerry Smith is leading police on a slow-speed pursuit after suffering an apparent breakdown.
Risotto: My kingdom was usurped by force with weapons and technology supplied by your father-in-law! Hey, he usurped my kingdom, too, man.
Morty: Uh, I-I'm just doing my best.
President: But the Soviets smuggled in a reprechuan who turned Nessie's bones into silver giving her the were version of aids. She sank to the bottom we assumed she was dead but she was only asleep now she's awake and hungry.
Rick: *glaring* Every day.
Rick: Sure, tell him that.
Rick: Holy crap! We have to escape into someone else's dreams, Morty!
Dr. Wong: Why don't you have a seat?
Rick: Oh, yeah? Well, what if you just think that, Sleepy Gary? I've known you for 15 years. Don't make me hurt you.
Rick: It's a Courier Flap, it's like the Intergalactic version of UPS but less off-putting. (Reaches hand into courier and retrieves a metallic egg-shaped item) OH SHIEEET! It looks like an egg-vite from Birdperson! It must be time for his annual Oscar party. By the way, our TV signals take lightyears to reach his planet, nobody tell him that Braveheart wins.
Beth: Well, he doesn't like it.
Device: Beacon arriving.
Female Voice: Ongoing investigations.
Morty: Is it time for arcs yet, Rick? I did a pretty great job back there for a human cloaking device. Saved your ass.
Morty: Ow! Ow! You're tugging me too hard!
Alien: We’re not on (gurgle) commission. We get (gurgle) paid by the hour. There’s no incentive really-
All Ricks: What the hell is wrong with you two!? I--I m--I m--I mean you four!?
Morty: Next time on Rick and Morty.
Garblovian: *holds out cup* Agah blahg blah--
Jerry: You're spinning this to his credit?
Cop Morty: WANNA SEE HOW I PAINT A WALL?!
Pickle Rick: Huh, so you're a liar.
Crowscare: Sounds like the man's asking for proof! Let's show him, fellas!
Space Beth: (with disdain) I didn't need it to be. I don't care what you think.
Rick: By finding the real Rick killer.
Beth: Yeah, Dad, I'm impressed.
- Jerry: Nice,
Morty: I'm taking charge of this situation, buddy! I'm put--I’m, I'm, I'm, I'm puttin’... I-I’m, I’m, I’m not gonna stand around like some sort of dumb... dumb person and just le-let you ruin the whole world!
All Ricks: Shh shh... I know where you are, you creepy old monster... I know how you think! Oh, is this where you think I'm going? You think I'm standing here? Well maybe you're right!
Mitch: Hey, Morty, remember yesterday when I couldn’t play the trombone? Well, check this out! (Plays a tune on his trombone.)
Space Beth: One theory... I was designed by your father to live with myself, which would mean you made a conscious choice to swallow your dreams with cheap wine and dinosaur pasta.
Morty: Why are you doing this?
Unity (Administrator): Do you know what I love about you, Rick? You're the only single mind I’ve met who really sees the big picture.
Rick: Who’s ready for Rick’s famous spaghetti?
Rick Prime: Oop! There he goes! Maybe that actually was me! If you follow him down there, we can do a big fight. Fifty percent chance I'm not lying.
Morty: Oh, yeah! They work great! We're really drowning in peace!
Rick 1: I told you, he's a psycho!
Rick: More like dead alert. What else? What else? I wrote some stuff down in my Notes app. Let me just find it. Screw it. Beth, if... if one of you is still alive, you're my real daughter. If you're both alive, don't hurt the other one. She's just a clone. She's not worth it. I'm coming, baby.
Meeseeks 3: Ooh, yeah! Can do!
Both Ricks: Alright, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities, and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this, I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time.
Home Beth: Sorry I was such a Dance Mom about Summer. She's your daughter too.
Kid: Daddy?
Jerry: Uh, almost. I haven't quite captured your beautiful eyes.
Rick: You just now remembered your Nana exists.
Morty: Apparently, it doesn't matter.
Morty: If you don't care if you die, why do you care if I die?
Morty Jr: What are you gonna do? ground me? I can't go outside anyway!
Jerry: Hey, you know what? It's hard being me, too. I'll be right there. Look, I've got a marriage to keep together. At this point, my golf swing is more your problem than mine.
Fart: The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes.
Jerry: Yeah, I like it this way. I'm not stupid.
Jerry: Hey, if your, uh, mother and I had to split custody - who would you guys choose?
Morty: We're gonna kill God.
Morty: What?!
Rick: Morty, whatever you do, don't drop the Truth Tortoise! Also, really important--whatever you do, don't look into its eyes!
Everyone except Morty and Jessica: (Chanting) Kick his ass! Kick his ass! Kick his ass!
Beth: I was traumatized, Summer. Okay, your generation wouldn't get that.
Agency Director: Do it. Okay, you win, Pickle Man. I'm unsealing the building.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry (sitting with Beth in the backseats): Well, I know I'm ready to try whatever it takes.
Diane: Baby, are you killing yourself?
Morty: You can't talk to me like that! T-Tell him he can't talk to me like that!
Nurse: Scalpel.
Decoy Jerry: Oh, hi, Rick! Family...me...? Hey, when did you all leave?
Morty: Why not?
Morty: Oh-ho-ho. Bless your heart.
Morty: Yes, Summer, it's a big universe. Get used to it. R-right, Rick?
Unity (Pilot): Oh, Summer, you did nothing wrong! I'm having fun with your grandpa! Lost a little control. Probably shouldn't be piloting a hovercopter, nor should I be... running two hundred thousand pediatric hospitals and twelve million deep friers, but hey! It's not like this planet can take its business elsewhere!
Morty: Whoa! It's all here, Rick!
Rick: Yeah, I mean, I found him dead and I-I put on his suit, but look at this... he literally blames your dad. (gives Morty the note)
Rick 2: Pride cometh before the fall. I guess he got what he deserved.
Rick: See? They’re living in pain.
Rick: What up, you decoy motherfuckers? Come on down to Rick's house of squids, where I'm serving your ass on a platter! I know what you're thinking: 'Fuck, a beacon! That's a great idea! He's got home turf, a tacit psychological advantage, and absolutely pendulous balls!' And now you're thinking 'shit, that's totally what the rick-est Rick would do! I might actually be fake! I pretended I didn't care if I was, but I totally did! Now the only way to prove I'm real and not him is to ice his expository ass.' Yup. So let's do it. Come get some. What? No, Morty, I'm gonna loop it. Why is it–
Morty: Where are we? Where's Rick?
Rick: Worst movie ever.
Rick: Damn. Can’t blame that on the dog. ...Talk about silent but deadly. I-I’ve seen some nerve gas but ga- th-this gas got some nerve! Haha, you know what I’m sayin’?
Swat Officer 2: We got a device!
Arbolian Meterososian: Ah two, three, four...
Morty: You know I'm excited about the upcoming election.
Beth: Morty, please. I love you, sweetheart.
Second Rick: Yes, Morty, like Ex Machina. But don't fuck them. Summer!
Alien Girl #1: Oh, my God, this Piss Guy is getting wailed on.
Summer: So thankful this is my Saturday.
Lighthouse Keeper: Well, you can’t. I want you out of here. You’re a petty person, and you’re insecure, and you’re taking it out on me. That’s a good script.
Summer: Father, can we please go to the Ascension?
Rick: Hide!
Rick: Not for the men they cheat on, no.
Nathan: Have you tried sending it launch codes? Mr. President, what America’s got is 70,000 megatons of KABOOM-BOOM! And I say we show it right up this floating head’s ass!
Jerry: Well, I'm intervening.
Wong: When you work in nutritionism as long as I have, you get a certain feel.
All: Yeah, whoo, awesome, called it, that's good news!
Rick: Snuffles, shake.
Jerry-Sitter: *as if speaking to a child* Oh, I know you are. Did you come here in a spaceship?
Morty: 'Pedophile'?
Jerry: No? Maybe? I-I was trying to fly. I-
Rick: Pfft, screw those guys! Uugh, I'll be right back. Don't waste your brain on those weirdos, Unity. They're no different from any other aimless chumps that you occupy. They just put you at the centre of their lives because you're powerful and then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right?
Morty: Wh?-Wh- th-th-that's insane!
Rick: I’m being polite.
Space Beth: Almost left them out there.
Abradolph Lincoler: (Threatened) It's just -- l-look, I-I don't know how you thought I meant it, but... (Looks at Rick for help)
Beth: But the top deer surgeon...
Beth: Jerry, if you're not gonna help, get the fuck out of here! I will reach into heaven and yank your screaming deer soul back!
Mr. Goldenfold: Not my fault this is happening.
Tricia: Have you ever been peed on before? Oh, my God. Yum.
Blue alien: Oh. Sorry. I'm not feeling too well. I just needed to lie down for a bit.
President: I hope I can call on you again if we need you, Morty.
Jerry: Hey, he looks a lot like Eric Stoltz from the movie ‘Mask.’ You know, the one with Cher in it?
Nathan: Get... schwifty? What the hell is that?
Beth: Thank you, sweetie.
Nancy: (Points at big pink crystals growing out of the ground) There they are!
Alien 1: Good afternoon!I know all of you are wondering about the condition of our dear beloved Pibbles.
Principal Vagina: (Over the intercom, while the students talk) Principal Vagina here, don't let the name fool you, I'm very much in charge, reminding you that tonight is our annual flu season dance. I don't know how many times I have to say this but if you have the flu, stay home, the flu season dance is about awareness, not celebration. You don't bring dead babies to Passover.
Both: CHUDs. That's them. Ugh, if they're behind this, so help me, God. Morty, you've always been a straight shooter.
Jerry: Tell me that wasn't
Jerry: Yeah! You like that? Now who's unremarkable? You hungry for apples? Are you hungry for apples?!
Rick: Geez. Wow, Morty. Now you’re getting into it. Never expected that out of you. All right, uh, let’s go find my ship.
Alien Nurse: Hey! What are you doing!?!
Steve Jobs Rick: *begging* Yes, yes, yes! Goddamn yes!
All Ricks: So in conclusion, you're both equally mercurial, overly sensitive, clingy hysterical bird brained homunculi. And I honestly can't tell the two of you half the time because I don't go by height or age, I go by amount of pain in my ass, which makes you both identical. Alright, everything resolved? Everybody nice and certain about their position in my world?
Morty: Well, you can hide with us. Rick?
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: You're never gonna see anything again you little dummy! You killed us!
Rick: What an asshole!
Rick: Oh, that wasn't my goal, but good to know. Shit, gotta go.
Rick: No, because I need a living organism coated in gibble snake bile to attract a shmooglite runner.
Summer: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Principal Vagina: Giant head in the sky, please forgive all that we’ve done. We’re sorry for increased levels of emissions and our racism. And of course, the amber alerts I keep ignoring on my phone.
Morty: W-will you stop saying that? It’s stupid.
Morty: Aaaaah!
Rick: Okay?
Jerry: But why? Why would Rick even prop me up like that?
Krombopulos Michael: Well hi Morty! I’m Krombopulos Michael! I’m an assassin. I buy guns from your grandpa.
Summer: You thought about getting an abortion?
Jerry: I guess this is what rock bottom feels like, Jerry. Ow!
Rick: No.
Beth: So sensitive.
NOTE: to make this easier an * will be put next to meeseeks every time a different meeseeks talks.
Balloon Man: Please help me! You can reach me if you try. Please help me!!
Snuffles: Snuffles want to be understood. Snuffles need to be understood.
(Flashback: Morty, Rick, Jerry, Beth and Nicky are tied up, a Nazi stands before them)
Mrs Refrigerator: I-I-I-I -- everyone has bad memories of me. You remember that one time? (flashback, Beth, Jerry, Mrs. Refrigerator and a lot of other people on a roller coaster, screaming, cut back to the present) Ooh, man, we couldn't stop screaming.
Jerry: Come on! Time's up! I'm taming a lion! No, wait, uhh there are film cameras. I might be a lion-tamer in a movie. You get the idea. I work with lions.
Home Beth: Figures it's underwhelming, the one time I visit.
Jerry: I'm just saying, we keep acting like there's only two options, but there's not. So, yes, if we went back to earth, as long as Rick was out there, they’d want to interrogate us. But, and this is purely hypothetical, what if we turned your father in to the government?
Michael Thompson: You quit tugging! I'm in the middle of my news!
Rick: Sorry, Summer!
Unity (Old man): I'm feeling... urk!
Rick: Woof. You're about to get suspended with pay. Come on, Morty. Let's get out of here before this gets political.
Morty: I know, Morty Jr,
Summer: On Gazorpazorp,
Rick body: This is my... assassin. Deadliest man in the galaxy, and he's gay.
Rick: Yes, I-I need you to ta-
Snuffles: Do not call me that!
Rick: Now what?
Rick: Scrub Campbell's browser history?
Alien #4: Orb-no.
Abradolph Lincoler: Wait. Something's not right.
Morty: Ohh, He's like a little me!
- Where are you? - MORT: I dunno!
Birdperson: Then why do you care so much if you are no longer allowed to continue on your adventures together? It appears fate has presented you with an opportunity to free yourself of Rick forever.
Vet: Hmm...
Shirtless guy: Whoo, baby!
Jerry Prime: Why are you here?
Beth: Honey, I'm so proud of you. (she kisses Jerry but his lip is bleeding)
Phoenix Person: Then you were always a bad friend. ( Powering up, blasting )
Ice-T: Who would take a lobster to see Iron Man 3?
Narrator: There's a Rick who held a factory hostage after murdering his boss and several co-workers. The factory made cookies, flavored him with lies.
Second Rick: Pretty perceptive, for a decoy.
Agency Director: Your mere presence in this building violates international law.
Juggling Rick: First off, can I just say that I think this Citadel is the greatest in the entire multiverse. Now, I believe the answer to your question has three parts. (He reveals he’s holding three balls.) First, education spending must get muuuch higher! *starts tossing one ball*
Summer: You speak when you're spoken to, ding-a-ling!
Rick: (With disgust) Ughhhh... (Places a napkin over the hologram and takes it to the bin in the kitchen)
Morty: Aaaaaaah!
Jerry: Thank you, thank you, Flamingo Fam. Uh, you know, when they asked me if I wanted to be the first human to drive a Mitsubishi Space Lancer, I thought, 'Well, I don't know. I got this cool orb suit that goes really fast.' But you know what sold me? (opens the door with the key) The Council said I could pick my own bridge crew. Morty, Summer, Beth, what do you say?
Summer: Actually, no. I think Unity's great and you're a horrible influence on it!
Beth: So, we didn't do the kids any favors. So, we should stay together for each other and ourselves... or...
Rick: You calling me a pussy?
Summer: That's my dad. That's my fucking dad!
A man in the audience: What?
Summer: (Grabs Nancy's shoulders) Yeah! And, Nancy, you should go, too.
Garblovian: Agah blahg blahg?
Brett Caan: You were born without bones.
- Rick: Yeah, no duh.
Morty: Give it to me!
Evil Rick: Please. I think I’m doing pretty good on my own. I’m simply going to download the contents of your brain, and then kill you.
Doofus Rick: Until we find your Rick.
Rick: Ooh. Wow. Gaaaaay.
Rick: You know I could see them this whole time, right?
Morty: You know, that's a real comforting idea, Rick.
Summer: Oh, shit, yeah, I love Mitsubishi!
Rick: This is what I'm talking about. Some asshole saw that fight and, believe it not, they were jealous of Pissmaster.
Jerry: Now bring me my slippers.
Cop Rick: Big Morty, you're under arrest. *both Morty Bouncers take out their laser pistols*
Rick: You don't know what I am! And you don't know what I can do!
Beth: I mean it's been shot. With a gun.
Jerry: So, we fight our way to the gas line,
Morty: But I feel like one of the sixty-four Ricks like, sacrificed himself for me, maybe, I think.
All: Hate that cat.
Morty: Rick? I knew it! I knew you wouldn't leave me!
Teacher Rick: (spoken inside) 'Good idea, Rick.'
MR. POOPYBUTTHOLE: Appreciate you guys taking me out.
Other Jerrys: *to one another* Right? Not me.
Mr President: Too busy, Morty. Now tell me about this summit.
Cold Stone Employee: You're welcome.
Jessica: No, that -- those weird sounds coming from the closet over there. (Points at the shaking closet.)
Rick, Zeep: Teenyverse.
And they come in all sorts of styles: Neon, plaid, orange
Morty: Well, Summer, maybe people that create things aren't concerned with your delicate sensibilities, you know? Maybe the species that communicate with each other through the filter of your comfort are less evolved than the ones that just communicate! Maybe your problems are your own to deal with, and maybe the public giving a shit about your feelings is a one-way ticket to extinction!
Voice through speaker: Iceberg, right ahead! The buffet is now closed.
Morty: Rick! Is it over? Is– is he...?
Rick 1: Save your anti-Rick speech for the council of Ricks, terror-Rick!
President: Get her number? I own the CIA. If I wanted, I could get her genome.
Pissmaster: Riiick! How 'bout a little piss?
Rick: Story Lord? Listen, trust me. Take Amish Juggler, you can have it.
Rick: The plot thickens,
Rick: That was never an option.
SWAT Team Rick 2: He's a terrorist!
Fungo: Please, everyone. I have news about Shrimply Pibbles. Word of Jerry Smith trying to weasel out of his penis donation has spread across the galaxy. Beings everywhere have come together to offer what little they have to help save Shrimply's life. Enough to pay for a brand-new, state-of-the-art synthetic heart that will be even better than Mr. Smith's pathetic penis.
Rick: Morty, we really don't have time for this. The whole place is gonna blow.
Morty: Jesus, Rick!
Rick: Come on, Morty. Please, Morty. You have to do it, Morty.
Morty (Crononberg): Geez, Rick! Wh-what is this place?
Rick: She wasn't supposed to come back.
- Rick: I don't care, Summer!
Morty: But you didn't withhold it! You're walking around with the note!
Crow Horse: Submit to Crow Horse!
- Rick: Whoa!
Rick: The weapon, Morty. He knows a thing that wipes someone out across all dimensions could wipe him out across all dimensions. Holy shit.
Rick: I know about the Yosemite t-shirt, Morty.
Morty: I wanna come with.
Rick: Oh, boy, Morty.
Rick: Alright, hear me out on this. You're immortal, right, which means your life is infinite. Well in that case there's 100% chance that you'll eventually do everything, including turning around to look behind you.
Marquis of Mars: What the fuck?
Rick: Hey, it’s your choice to take it personally, Morty. Now for the love of god, be quiet! The point of this is to get the drop on the guy!
Morty: Me?
Rick: Hey, Morty! Could you lick my... (Rick presses keys on the keyboard with the sample of him saying “Balls”)
Rick: Remember me?
The President: To preserve slavery? That's right, Steve. I have the internet too. Now take your white ass to the kitchenette and bring me a Diet Coke.
Summer: Yeah, thank you guys so much. It's a real treat to be raised by parents that force themselves to be together instead of being happy.
Morty: But can you help me get to my family? You know, at my house?
Summer: Unity! This place is a mess!
Pickle Rick: Oh, God, moisture.
Request: Denied.
Beth: You do mean that, like, symbolically, right?
Morty: Hey, Rick. You drunk yet?
Rick: Got some of that mermaid puss!
Marine: Gordon Lunas was a good Marine. We don't know what drove him to take his own life, but we want to remember the good things. Like how, from a certain angle, some people would say he looked like a smudge.
All Summers: Holy shit, now what?
Rick: No, you're getting dumber because that's a trebuchet.
Jim: (in news studio) Let’s not make this political, Terry. Do we know what this giant head wants?
Morty: Yeah, you know? There's something about the air. And just the way the sunshine is.
Alien 1: Have respect Yarp, the earth man's world is tiny and undeveloped. He knows nothing of the genocides of Klorgon or the tragic events of 6-5.3-4-3-2.2-3-14
Beth: Weird breed.
Rick: Okay, okay, Beth, I'm sorry... You think you deserve an apology.
Rick 2: Yeah, but where’s the Transmitter?
Second Rick: Other guy?
Beth: Wow. He's really getting executed after all this time. You know the son that he ate was...
Summer: Do... all of you remember who you are?
All Ricks: Oh, what you're just gonna listen to this guy now? He's got a giant testicle for a head! He came here in a bubble. For all we know he could be the David Berkowitz of Nutsack Land.
President: Where do I go?
Rick: Okay. Glad I could help.
Rick: Clearly just said to be hurtful, but I also won’t deny it. I was young.
Candidate Morty: This is just like a Morty baby!
Rick: Yeah. Cha-ching. Oh yeah, if you find a room full of eggs, don't shy away from it, give one of them a shake. Those facehuggers are worth more than this ship.
Alien #3: Orb-yes.
Morty: I get it. It's fine. I
Rick: Y-y-you're a good kid, Morty. Y-you're a real l-little c-character, Morty.
Prince Nebulon: Oh, I see! Oh, oh! It was no one's fault. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. Well, then, problem solved. Oh, wait no. *shouts* There's still another human in here! Who is he?
Second Rick: Sorry, decoy Beth, but this only ends one way, with one of us accepting we're a decoy.
Rick 30: Yes I did it! There is no God! In your face. One dot, motherfuckers!
Evil Morty: You’re hitting infinite targets. At least filter for probability stasis.
Slick: Because I wish that would change. I wish anything about this life would change.
Rick: Seconds? Thirds? We spa-gots as much as you can spag-eat!
Gearhead: Your geldon convertor is pretty dinged up.
Morty: I-I'm just trying to figure out why you would do this. Why anyone would do this.
Rick: What the hell... is your problem?
Rick: All right, let's go.
Jerry: Sleepy Gary, a word?
Negotiator Rick: *through megaphone* We know how you feel. We’re working stiff Ricks just like you, but our assembly line is justice. What are your demands?
Morty: Gross!
Beth: You realize they sing no matter how much you tip.
Morty: I tried to be a good guest! He dragged it out of me!
'Jerry Smith Presents: A Book by Jerry Smith.'
Beth: What does that mean?
Agency Director: Shut up and call me a helicopter, you prick! Do we have a deal?!
Regular Legs (on TV): Look, Baby Legs, it's the criminal!
Rick: Ugh, gross.
Morty: Uh, Rick? I think we should all go.
Jerry: Oh...
Rick: Man that guy is the Red Grin Grumble to pretending he knows what's going on. (Morty and Summer laugh) Oh you agree, huh? (Summer: Funny) You like that Red Grin Grumble reference? (Summer: Yeah.) Well guess what? I made him up. You really are your father's children. Think for yourselves, don't be sheep.
Rick: You got to calm down, Morty.
Rick: What?
Unity: You concocted a me repellent?
Rick D716: Ahem. Meanwhile, in election news, an unexpected turn of events as Morty from the Morty Party soars to the top of the polls.
Morty: It's not my fault we froze time on a humid day!
Jerry: Rick! Heyy. Haha, what’s- what’s up?
Morty: Steve wasn't real?
Spokeman (on TV): Paid for by Michael Denny and The Denny Singers.
Zeep: So remember-- a crank a day is not nearly enough. Crank it. I told them this means 'Peace among worlds'. How hilarious is that?
Mayor: I appreciate that, but the rest of your country doesn't need Virginia's love right now.
Morty: Okay. Let's go, then.
Jerry: I thought that's what a man's supposed to say, it's not like I could have actually done it.
Morty: All right, that's it -- no more History Channel! this TV is for cartoons and video games only!
Man #2: Ow. Eat it. Eat zebra food.
Lucy: Ahahahah! 'Cape fear'! Hahahaha! 'Cape fear'! I'm -- I'm doing -- I'm -- I'm going to do like from 'cape fear'.
Morty: So you agree!?
Jerry: ...Geez...
President: Dear God.
Summer 1: What?
Jerry: So, I assume this novel your son writes is gonna pay for my rear axle?
Krombopulos Michael: *examines weapon* Ooh, yeah, this looks deadly. So this shoots antimatter? My target can’t be killed with regular matter. Nice to meet you, Morty! Listen, if you ever need anybody murdered, *passes Morty his card* please give me a call. I’m very discrete--
Beth: Did you really talk me out of the abortion?
Brad: Yo.
COMPUTER: Cutting corners.
Cop Morty: *nervously* Don't worry about Rick, Big Morty. He's new. He doesn't understand how it works.
Beth: This is like that. You can't make people like you. You just have to wait for hating you to bore them.
Jerry: Well don't different animals-
MORTY: Nope. I'm good.
Rick: Uh, hi. My name is Jerry Smith, I'm from Planet Earth. I know the whereabouts of Rick Sanchez, the wanted criminal.
Morty 30: Ooh
Rick: Goddamn, you are cantankerous.
Writer: In the mythical sense, I am both. (shows hologram of Joseph Campbell)
Diane: Because you want to move on.
Summer: Did you turn on the microwave?
Off screen student: Awesome, Morty!
Mr. Poopybutthole: Hey, what did you think of the finale, huh? Mm! You think the Smith family is gonna be okay?
Summer: Mr. Frundles!
Pichael Thompson: Oh, oh, it's always about you, isn't it. Can you believe this guy, ladies and gentlemen? He'S got his own news show, he' got a normal name..
Chair waiter: Phones á la clams, and phonesgetti with phoneballs. Anything else?
Rick: Car, can I get a whiteboard? When squids started killing decoys, decoys started checking their decoys and learning that they're making decoys. That's making them seek out and run into other decoys, making them realize they're decoys, making them start to kill other decoys.
Ice cream clerk: Presidential decree-- All ice cream is now for all beings, no matter how many legs.
Rick: Yeah, it's got an almost improvisational tone.
Fart: I wonder why Greg is always so critical of my girlfriend.
Rick: Fine. Morty, take your fart to his hole and say your goodbyes. I’m gonna find some fuel and take a biiiig fat Morty. (Morty gets out of the car.) That’s my new word for ‘shit’ because of today’s events.
Fat Morty: I bet the Wishing Portal leads to a reality where there... where all... where it's a bunch of French toast with boobies.
Jessica: Uh How is the 'cru-dite?'
Summer: I can't believe the things this reality considers PG-13
Meeseeks *: Well, he roped me into this.
Morty: Where's Mom and Summer?
Summer 23: What's happening?
Other Decoy Jerry: Yeah, it is a lot.
Dr. Wong: What do you think is in the syringe, Beth?
President: I yield! I yield! Take the selfie!
Rick D. Sanchez III: Same age as me, I know. How long have worked here?
Story Lord: Cum gutters.
Jerry: Well, it's not the 'king of the world' bit. That's Jack and fabrizio. (Grabs Beth's hat and places it on her head.) This is where rose says, 'I'm flying, Jack!' But whatever. I can be the only one to do it alone.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Beth: What is that supposed to mean?
Rick: It is?
Rick: Now you're gonna know everything, Morty! Good job! Way to go! You fucked everything up!
Rick: What new- what new machine?
Pickle Rick: Morty, stop digging for hidden layers and just be impressed. I'm a pickle.
Rick: Portal travel's broken. Mmm. Are these heirloom tomatoes? Digestibot, try these.
Rick: Oh, God. Mr. President, Morty and I have the situation covered.
Rick: What’s that dipshit doing out there? Are you friends with him? You know he eats his own shit, right? Oh my god, this is rich! I’ve got like ten Ricks to call right now!
Rick: Morty, if we’re gonna survive tonight, you’re gonna need to harness your repressed rage.
Rick: Job interview?
All: Ice-T?
(Zooms into only show one timeline: Timeline 23)
Jerry: Go get him, honey! She's always hunting. She probably knew a Varrix worked here, and that's why she said the Yelp reviews didn't matter.
Human President: Leave it alone. I mean, what did it really do, anyways? Kill a guy and paralyze his buddy? Not a bad trade for spider peace.
Morty: Mr. President.
Jerry: Senior year, I took you on a date to the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra performing the music of Alan Silvestri in the Park. At this point in the song from 'Volcano,' when Tommy Lee Jones and the utility workers are using cars to guide the lava into a cul-de-sac, I realized my palms were so sweaty, I would never get to hold your hand. But I was desperate to touch you, so I wiped my palm on the grass next to me. But a Snickers wrapper kind of got stuck on it, so I started kind of jiggling it, whipping it without moving too much. But you started looking over, and I thought, 'Well, this is it. She's going to see that I'm a loser,' and I'll never get to touch her. 'But I still have time to touch her.' But my hand had Snickers on it, and the brass section was swelling because it was the scene with the guy melting in the lava. And I just thought, 'f*ck it.
Groin System 6000: (Faces Rick, then looks back.) That... is my groin’s user.
Candidate Morty: I see it in our factories, where Ricks work for a fraction of their boss’s salary, even though they’re identical and have the same IQ. The Citadel’s problem isn’t homeless Mortys or outraged Ricks.
Morty: Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit! (He runs as the whole island explodes)
Jerry: Okay. Well, uh, Morty, it's your bedtime in an hour. Don't stay up all night again. This is good, though. This can work. I think we can be a family and now, Beth, if you'll have me, I would love to have you.
Jerry: I'm an angry father, not an improviser.
Rick: Way worse things than me can see that beacon, too. Hunker down and protect it while I grab Morty. Rick out! Try to survive!
Morty (gets it): Oh my God, Siamese twins! They're siamese twins!
Summer: Uhh ... Okay!
Rick: Man, I missed having hands and blood and a stomach.
Rick: Let your body purge the meta-venom Morty. Don't succumb to his pointless self-aware bullshit.
Rick Prime: Oh goddamn dude! Badass!
Writer: Because you failed.
Snuffles: 'Snuffles' was my slave name. You shall now call me Snowball, because my fur is pretty and white.
Rick: Okay, 60 for the resonator, and my grandson wants the sex robot.
Rick: I guess they really do have concentrated dark matter.
Rick: The battery Morty. Be right back Summer stay put, don't touch any buttons, and ignore all random thoughts that feel -- spider-y.
Rick: Beth, I'm your father!
President Morty: But speeches are for campaigning. *looks into his glass of brandy and gives a sinister expression* Now... is the time for action.
Morty: Uh, that's flattering... and a little weird.
Morty: Jessica.
Alien #3: People change, Jerry. Everyone loves a comeback story. (all muttering to each other)
Rick: Come on, Morty. Just take it easy, Morty. It's gonna be good. Right now, we're gonna go pick up your little friend Jessica.
Rick: This is it, Morty. We're goners. We're not getting out of this one. After everything we've been through, this is how we're gonna die. Make peace with your god.
Cynthia: Oh. Uh, sir, should I cancel that appointment, then?
Rick: Uh oh.
Rick and the song: ♪ Just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ ♪ just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ Roll credits! ♪ Just shake that a-- Roll the credits! Go! ♪ Just shake that ass That's the end of season one!
Jerry: Hi, honey, so, here's the thing-these guys-they want to completely remove my penis and use it as an alien's heart, and we just need you to sign off on it.
Jerry: It's not a door, Beth. It's debris.
Morty: I hope it's not human season.
President: Baby I know you want to help but-
Voice through speaker: Iceberg, right ahead! The buffet is now closed.
Jerry: (Puts the board into the passenger seat) Ugh! I'm not going to fit. (Hangs onto the board, recreating Jack's death from the Titanic movie. He slowly slips off) Beth, listen to me. You're going to get out of here. You're gonna go on, and --
Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, y'all, we're gonna be fine. I've always been here for you guys, and I always will be. ( chuckles )
Jerry: Hey. Oh, wow. Okay, is is is everything okay in here?
Summer: What's going on?
Rick: I don’t, because it would bore me. I see shit like that for breakfast, Morty. But if you don’t do it, I say it’s because you’re afraid of your own primal instincts. So you stuff them down and...
Rick: And at some point, they won't be. That's how existing works. What, are you going to save every stray cat?
Simon: Sir, we’ve started picking up on a garbled signal. We’re decrypting it now.
Rick 2: The other Rick isn't trying to merge us anymore.
Agency Director: Farewell, Solen'ya.
Summer: Then you've been doing it wrong for six months. Oh, my God, is that mildew?
Large Man: Oh, sure. And while I’m making food for everyone, who takes care of my kids?
Jerry: Uh...
Morty: Let me put this real simple. This stock is a beautiful redhead, recently single, not looking to date but ready to fall in love, and fate has put her locker two down from yours, Duane Two lockers down. (Winks at two female workers. They both giggle.) So step up or step off, Duane. Blue pill or red pill, what’ll be, bro? Totally understand, Duane. You’re the boss. (Stops the call.) Heinholz Biotech Million and a half at thirty-three. (Bites the apple as everyone cheers and throws their papers.)
Morty: Who's this guy now?
Jerry: Jesus Christ.
Jerry: Do it! Do it! Remove my penis!
Jerry: We did it...
Morty: Uh, I don't need a selfie.
Female Voice: Hold on!
Morty: I'm Joseph Campbell. I saw it.
Morty: (crying)
Rick (C-137): Yeah, so does the scientist formerly known as Rick! Wh-wh-wh-why isn’t he here in handcuffs?
Rick: It's a, it's a rodent that mates for life, Morty. This is the chemical release in the mammal's brain, (sets down the box of objects, opens a hatch in a machine, and pours the oxytocin in) ...that makes it fall in love. Alright Morty, I just gotta *burps* combine it with some of your DNA.
Rick: You’ve been doing it for weeks every spaghetti night. Come on, Morty. Choo choo plane!
Morty: So, hey, why do these aliens keep coming after you, Rick, if you're so much smarter than them?
Beth: Oh, dad...
Jerry: We could take the kids to the water park.
Jessica: (infected) Omigod, Morty. You look REALLY nice tonight.
Unity (Worker): Rick, when we met I was a young hivemind with the population of a small town. People... change.
Kiara: I'm on Earth hunting the Varrix. I would never hunt a human. Your father and I are soul-bonded.
Card Player: Come on, Rick, quit stalling. What do ya got?
Rick: Uhh...
Octopus Man: I'm Octopus Man! (laughs) I'm Octopus Man! (laughs again, as the driver of the car rolls down his window) I'm a marine biologist who was bitten by an octopus. (laughs, and opens the car door, climbs in the front passenger seat and closes the car door.)
Background whisper: Little Bits!
Morty: Gonna eat some 'crudite. Mmm! Is this organic? Mmm. (He looks around the restaurant.) All right. You know, the evening continues. (His attention is on this one girl who's sitting at the bar.) Okay, here we go.
Villager 2: Wait. Destroy it. (They set the box on fire) Our people will get more from the idea he represented... than from the jelly bean he actually was.
Morty: What are you doing? It wasn't him Rick.
Birdperson: Caaww! Caww...
Morty: I'm staying here.
Summer: No, you don't. You're the little brother. You're not the cause of your parents' misery. You're just a symptom of it.
Alien Doctor: Relax Mr. Smith, you're in an alien hospital. I mean to you it's an alien hospital, to me you're just in a hospital. There's another matter we need to discuss with you.
Birdperson: (Walks up to Morty) It's not nonsense at all. In my people's tongue, it means, 'I am in great pain. Please help me.'
Beth: Jerry, what are you- what are you doing in here?
Gear Policeman #1: Nobody move!
Yellow Headed Doctor: Scalpel.
Toxic Morty: Ahh!!
Rick: Oh, ho!
Story Lord: (coughs) All good things must come to an end.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Excuse me for wanting to live.
Rick: Everybody relax. Just waiting for you in the only room you can't blow up or spy on. So, we're not changing timelines for you, but now you have everything you want, so you can forget we exist, and we'll return the favor.
Jerry: Bienvenue a la Chez Divorced Dad.
Rick: Way to go, Morty. Eh, whatever.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, god. What's happening?
Morty: No! Why... why would I do that? You do that?
Jessica: You know what I named these? My little Morties.
Jerry: Beth, can we talk about this privately?
Restaurant chef: Hey, listen, is your mouth tiny and small? Then why don't you come down to 'Little Bits?'
Rick: Oh, no! There's no time to dismantle it! Come on, it's not safe here. (creates a piss slide, and they slide down it) Pisspop? Pisspop? Pisspop? (flies down to Jerry
Arthricia: Oh, you’re so sweet, I just... oh, but I can’t.
Summer: Oh, my God, what?
Jerry: Uh... Who are you?
GOON: Looks like he's inbound, boss.
Rick: Who the fuck are you?
Spaghetti president: Because you felt bad. Because you didn’t have permission. Show him.
Morty: What? (Gets out of the cruiser)
Jerry: Aah! (Backs away)
Rick 1: You lost the right to have a say in these things when you refused to join the council.
Morty: What, I'm gonna touch it, and you're gonna tell me it's an alien dick or something.
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: What the hell? What have you done to me, Morty?
Rick: This guy, Morty, he hates being found but loves building elaborate shit. Like-like-like playing a ton of Minecraft but all on a private server.
Rick: Wait a minute, We're here because a male Gazorpian was born on our planet,
Morty: What?!
Morty: Dammit Rick. I don't like this. Is this whole place just-
Rick: Yeah, duh!
Testicle Monster A: Hey man, when the hell were you?
Morty: Ooh, oh! Oh, man.
Blagnar the Eternal: Yeah, your power is well known in our jurisdiction, Rick Sanchez, and it should come as no surprise that our orbs are unsticky for you.
Morty: Look, I don't care what it takes. You two are putting aside your bullshit, and you're working together to get us back home.
Principal Vagina: Headward free now to rise!
Morty: I mean, good point, but Jesus Christ.
Beth: Summer?
Beth: Hey, Tom! We know when we're losing him. WE CAN HEAR THE BEEPS!
Morty: Thermal goggles, bitch. Mom said share.
Summer: Moms!
Jerry: Oh my god! I love this! I love that this is how far you will go for him. You wanna go upstairs, and cut carrots, and watch a Lifetime original, above a fucking alien dungeon! Your relationship with your father is psychotic!
Morty: I did the right thing, Rick!
CONSTRUCTION WORKER: Beautiful day to be carrying glass, huh?
Morty: There's no such thing. There's joyful and there's joyless, and we've had our fill of one.
Rick (C-137): I say the point of being a Rick is being a-Rick.
Summer: I want to be popular at school!
Rick PA Announcer: *via speaker* 'Garbage dump. Stand *burp* back.' *the three large pipes dump several amounts of garbage into the portal*
Beth: Jerry?
Testicle Monster A: Ow, I'm defeated...
Rick: Yep. Don’t even sweat. You’re still the same old Morty. Your character’s totally protected.
Mrs. Pancakes: No, you didn't.
Rick: Uh, guys? Not a good time. Come on, Morty, let’s hit it.
Jerry: My daughter just got spoken of in porno terms, and I'll respond how I choose! (he walks outside, ready to fight Pissmaster)
Arthricia: You want to get in on this, Rick?
Rick: Your children are down there invisible, Jerry. 'Make a portal'? Father of the year back here.
Alien doctor (from outside): Oh, um...Mr. Smith!
Agency Director: Where is it?
Comedian: What do you do? What is your profession?
Pickle Rick: Hey, it's cool. Just need to find the nearest exit.
TV Host: How DID she get there? He he (winks at the camera)
Rick: The extra Mortys went feral--
Writer: It got you this far. Must be nice by the way. Wish I could afford to dress like a bisexual acting coach from the 70s.
Hunter: My lawyer.
Jerry: I mean, who cares, right?
Phoenix Person: Tammy, this is unexpected. I was told you were dead. That is ab-so-lute-ly not true. I'm more alive than I've ever been.
Morty: Dad, mom, come on. Rick just needed my help is all.
Jerry: Me! I guess it wasn't a rip-off of 'got milk?' after all. Guess someone was wrong.
Rick: Thank y-o-o-ou. See, Morty? This is what it's all about.This is why we do what we do.
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, the Smith family, minus a dad. You're patients of Dr. Wong, too?
President: Sanchez! I know you're in there when I call you directly it's an emergency.
Morty: Why threaten? Why not just do it?
Summer: Yeah! So you keep saying!
Morty: You talking about 'Inception'?
Rick: Stay back! This watch turns people into snakes!
Rick: Jerry, you don't get it. This is infinite TV, from infinite universes. Look.
Jerry: Oooh, there's a handsome fellow!
Morty: Oh my fucking God!
Rick: Uh, I’m not sure. Morty.
Narrator: His name is Simple Rick, but he’s no dummy.
Jessica: (Annoyed) Ugh! Brad is such a jerk. He's always trying to prove what a man he is. I just want to find somebody nice and sweet.
Space Beth: Well, looks like you got this. See you guys in another--two years?
Summer: Space Mom, get in on this!
Morty: (aroused) Oh!
Doctor Buckles: I am Doctor Buckles! Here to tighten the belt on your opinions!
Morty: I wanna know their names.
President: Are there pants?
Morty: Does he like it?
Mr. Stringbean: Oh, you wanna see the Bean get mean?
Jerry: So... You still thinking about taking that trip?
Beth: Uh, your Meeseeks box happened. They went crazy when they couldn't take two strokes off Jerry's golf game. He felt terrible.
Morty: Hey, over here. Look at me.
Arthricia: Get out! Get out!
Lighthouse Keeper: Hmm?
Morty: Honestly, I could take it or leave it at this point.
Scary Terry: Nothing but fear from here on out, bitch!
Stealy: All right, okay, we're in the quiet safe room where none of the people whose stuff I stole can get to us. Now, let's look at all the stuff we got. We got a bag of Bobbish. That's eight brapples. We got a plumbus. That's six and a half brapples. We got, uh, a-crushed party cups. Fifteen and a half brapples.
Rick 2: He's lost it! The time fracture must have made him crazy!
Morty: Who- who are you?
Mr President: Don't high-road me. The two of you break 1,000 federal laws a day.
Morty: Why am I wearing an eye patch? And wait. Did we– did we switch shirts?
Morty: Well, you know how to make it, too, right, Rick?
Reverse Rick Outrage: I’d like to offer a rebuttal. *farts*
Beth: Wait, but I --
Space Beth: You seem surprised.
Summer: No! No, no! Don't hurt anybody!
(Flashback: The family is stuck in an elevator. Jerry is wearing Hulk gloves and punching the elevator buttons. Morty is holding his crotch trying not to pee himself.)
Rick: I made you!
Rick 1: What is that?
Rick: Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh, yeah. You can't. They blew up.
Rick: Stay strong, Jerry. I believe in you!
Morty: Just until you could kill him!
Jerry: (Reieved) Beth!
Kiara: We celebrate with a hunt!
Morty: I'll forgive you for abandoning us if you let me drive it. That works for me...
Rick: If drinks are on you, you're gonna need a second mortgage on that tower. I'm an alcoholic.
Rick: She can’t keep the drones. They turn into a little Voltron robot. They’re awesome.
Jerry: She's not responding to my texts!
Beth: (Turns around to Jerry)(Irritated) Loving you is work, Jerry, hard work, like building a homeless shelter. Nobody want to say 'no' to doing it, but some people put the work in. So what do ya say? Do you see me working here? Does this conversation seem tedious to me?
Doofus Rick: Hey! I don’t eat poop! Y-you guys are always so mean to me!
Morty: Ohhhh...
Unity (Fan holder): I can hear you.
Announcer: And sixteen quadrants. There's only enough time for a Jan-Michael Vincent to make it to a quadrant. He can't be in two quadrants at once.
Prince Nebulon: Well, check every five quintons and tell me when they're not!
Second Summer: You know what, yeah. Fuck this noise.
Morty: Aw, see?
Summer: What do you mean you're having a party? (Sarcastic) Are some glip glops from the third dimension going to come over and play cards or something?
Rick: It isn't the whole truth.
Jacquelyn: You weren’t a 14-year-old boy from the Midwest who ran away from his family and capitalized on his lack of conscience by becoming a stock broker?
Rick: Oh great, just a hop, skip, and an 800 lightyear jump!
Morty: (Snapping his fingers) Just like I told you, Mitch. The music was in your heart the whole time.
Morty: Fingers crossed, a month, yeah.
Gromflomite officer: Good morning.
Rick: You know you can use tissues, right?
Previous Leon: If you hang on tight.
Bachelor (on TV): Cynthia...
Rick: Nazis?
Morty: I'm not busy.
Beth: Jesus, Jerry. Rick did something nice for once, okay? He's obviously trying to change.
Rick: Time to go home.
Jerry: What? For real?
Morty (C-137): Alright Mortys, listen up! My name is Morty Smith, from Earth dimension C-137! I know you’re scared, because I’m scared! But that’s no reason to accept our fate. We’re Mortys! We’re not defined by our relationships to Rick. Our destiny is our own!
President: Helen.
Rick: Hey, it’s a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock, huh Morty?
Joseph Campbell: But all characters are meta Rick. All of us are nourished and consumed by chaos, like newborns at the breast of a meth addict in a lifeboat filled with forks.
Beth: Do you mind if I skip the whole 'king of the world' bit?
Morty: You know what Rick, I’ll tell you something! I’m more than a human shield!
Rick D-716: And I'd just like to say that prescription drugs are great and you should buy them now.
Birdperson: Caw!
Beth: *laughing* I'm gonna pee my pants.
Rick: Huh, unless she has the flu. (shrugs it off)
Beth: You're my mom, but you're young?
Morty: Jessica.
Receptionist: Don’t forget to check the reason for your drop-off.
Heistotron: Your skills are required for a job.
Rick: Come on Morty, we gotta go!
Blagnar the Eternal: Yeah, that means it's found a pure heart it wants to bond with.
Morty: Shield me from the law!
Rick: *suddenly aggressive, holds a knife to Morty’s throat* You little son of a bitch! Y-y- are you a simulation?! Huh?! Are you a simulation?!
Rick: Wait, what? I ain't payin' to store twenty-six years!
Morty: Rick, did you really leave the crows for me? Or did you come back because they dumped you?
Rick: What are you trying to say about Morty? That he's stupid or something?
Morty 1 & 4: Who's that Brother Newman time elf?
Morty: Ah, geez. I’m miserable.
Rick (C-137): Dumb.
Rick: Jerry, I give you raw power, you'll end up miserable like me. Trust me, I'm helping by not helping.
Rick: It's cool. It's fine. It's gotta be from an alternate reality, right?
Rick 1: Oh yeah! Mmm! Oh, delicious!
Morty: No! Jus-j-j-just get in the car!
Rick: Hey Morty, remember when you said selling a gun was as bad as pulling the trigger? How do you feel about all these people getting killed because of your choices?
Summer: Egh, wonderful.
Rick: Uhp, uhp, uhp! Morty, keep your hands off your ding-dong! It's the only way we can speak freely. Look around you, Morty. Do you really think this world is real? You'd have to be an idiot not to notice all the sloppy details. Look, that guy's putting a bun between two hot dogs.
Rick: *walks away, muttering* Whatever you wanna do you little punk-ass little bitch...
Rick: Instead of resetting portal travel, I may have reset portal travellers. Too late to apologise.
Jerrys: Uh... W-wait, what?
Beth: Woah! Woah. So, billions of life forms?
Jerry: Thanks to Cold Stone Creamery.
Rick: What?
Gazorpian: Silence!
Slick: I say we make our last day count. I say... we go to the Wishing Portal.
Rick: Sooner or later. Can't really run from it. Any place we'd think to hide is a place they'd think to look. It's Rule 34 of an Asimov Cascade.
Morty: Oh, come on, Rick. You know I can't.
Rick Prime: Shh. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, lil guy. Easy. You're a Jerry, right? Never got too close to the concept. Boy, you have really arc'd out.
Beth: Haven't we spent enough time on you? I'm performing surgery... but not on a horse, on a human!
Morty: You can use that wood to make a chest.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Oh god. Yes, yes, sweet death.
Rick: Oh, goody.
Morty: Rick!
Morty: Aw thanks Tony Hawk.
Rick (C-137): I’ve heard enough.
Mr. Goldenfold: I dunno, therapy is starting to feel hopeless. I've got so many issues! (Rick turns him into a fly)
Summer: Grandpa Rick, we’re not leaving without you!
Rick: My greatest fear, Morty, i
Morty: Rick! Haha. (Hops off the car.) You know, the only problem here is a big fat brain that misses eating all them big fat problems. Focus on the good thing. Trust me, things are good. Taking that away from me, heh. That wouldn’t be healthy.
Summer: I'm not talking to you! I'm talking to...
Jerry: Oh! *looks at self and begins panicking* Ahahaaaahhhhh....
Pickle Rick: It's a serum that I need to, uh, to stay alive. I have had a rough day. And, uh, I've sustained a lot of damage. I'm pretty close to death, which the serum will prevent.
Zeep: Rick the alien. Rick the alien...
Operator: For English, press 2. Connecting to agent.
Rick: Instead we've got... zero? Now what are these people doing?
Jerry: Morty, who's at the door?
Summer 4: It's a monster!
Rick: And you know what? I'll cop to it. I put a lot of strain on your marriage. It wasn't fair. I'm sorry.
Morty: I deserve that. But, you know, it... it improved you.
Morty: Oh man, ok, all right, um...
Rick: I'm sure he'll tell you.
Rick (C-137): The Citadel of Ricks. It’s the secret headquarters for the council of Ricks.
Morty: That's your reaction to finding out you wasted your entire life?
Morty: Yeah, I never thought of the 'were' in 'werewolf' like 'who, what, when and where!' Clever wordplay!
Morty 2: A-am I talking right now?
Meeseeks: Your failures are your own, old man. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me. I say follow-through! Who's with me?! Follow-through!
Rick: God damn it. (he opens the door slightly, dressed up as Pissmaster) I'm okay, honey. We're good.
Holly: You guys are getting back together, aren’t you?
Summer: What kind of God lets this happen?
Rick: Who’s got food for that guy?
Rick Prime: So, do we– should I just get this over with or...? Cool grandson.
Jerry: Snuffles, we didn't mean you any harm! This is a huge misunderstanding.
Rick: A bunch of groan-inducing wordplay for seven TV critics that won't even enjoy it? This is worse than you think Morty. We're basting in meta radiation right now. Our credibility is being permanently eroded. Every second we're in here is equivalent to 10 Space Jam cameos.
Rick: Out of the frying pan dot, dot, dot, huh, Morty?
The First Villager: Oh! Heroes, we would like to introduce you to our beloved king so that he may thank you personally.
President Morty: Looks complete. I was afraid I'd have to kill every Rick on the Citadel to get what I needed.
Morty: 1.77245385... Whoa!
Rick: Okay, you know what? Fine!
Unity (Pedestrian): One by one, I will unify them, I will become the universe, and I will be what the single-minded once called a god.
Rick: Everybody in the galaxy tries to take over the galaxy. The trick is to be left alone by whoever succeeds. Eh, it's your hero phase. I had one, too. You'll outgrow it.
Rick: Oh, really, Morty? Are you sure you haven't seen that somewhere in real life before?
Summer: But that would mean you let my dad beat you up just so he could, like, feel more confident? Wow.
Home Beth: Oh, don't be a bitch. I'm parenting. Makes sense you don't recognize it. You've been out of practice for a while.
Summer: Well, it's fucking lame, okay? Both of you walking out on Mom? I thought you had two sets of balls, not zero.
Story Lord: You failed me.
Rick: And so that's the surprise, Morty.
Rick: I would love to see it.
Rick: Fine! (Transition to the waiting room) Excuse me. Coming through. What are you here for- Just kidding, I don't care. Well this won't do.(Rick walks up to a TV and smashes the cable box)
Morty: You like that? You want me to cut to three weeks earlier when you were alive?
Rick: I can tell you for sure... if anything happens to me, it's 100% not on you. It's my own choice.
Morty Mart Morty: They were, they were about my height, around fourteen years old... OH! Their shirts were yellow!
Rick: That's the Rick dance! All right! (burp) Whoa, man!
Zeep: I just don't see how I can--
Slick: I thought your last Rick fused you with a lizard, not a chicken.
Summer: Okay, that's good! Uh... Don't focus too much on the last part, but...
Morty: Rename them?
A man in the audience: Um, longtime fan of the show. Uh-
Morty: Rick, cut it out! That’s not funny, Rick!
Meeseeks *: 'Cause he roped me into this!
Squanchy: Just stop saying it, gross.
Morty: That's on you.
Rick: 'Helen'?
Tony: Thanks for solving that murder guys! Here's a skateboard.
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: Hunt me, hunt me, somebody hunt me!
Rick: Thanks, Morty. Yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while.
Morty: I thought warrior priestesses could only keave Krootabulon on a hunt.
Morty Jr: I'd like to dance, on the graves of my enemies
Hunter: I'm calling my lawyer. I hope for all our sakes you're as bad a surgeon as I am a hunter.
Rick: Go, go Sanchez ski shoes.
Beth: ...but you're unsupportable! Because it's never enough, Jerry!
Zeep: You may have created this universe, Rick, but I live in it.
Morty: I-I know where Krootabulans are from, Dad. Uh, Chaimuntolo.
Jerry: Whoa! Look at you! You’re wearing the hat and everything!
Jerry: He's spraying my lavender bush. My bees need that lavender!
Unity: You've made it clear can't be friends, Rick, but I need to reconnect those people so I can properly release them. They're hosting a mindless collective. If it connects to another mind, it could become its own colony.
Rick: Full disclosure, Morty it's not. Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity.
Morty: Jessica.
Everyone: Seriously, that’s impossible, etc...
Beth: I-I thought --
Alien: Believe me, man, I’ve been working here a long time. I get it.
Rick: *holding a golf club* Shut the fuck up about moonmen! This isn’t a musical number. This is a fucking operation, we gotta be cool and fucking lay low!
Rick: That's Protago Nick! His beam has the power to make any character the protagonist. (Protago Nick card pops up. Rick throws a boomerang toward Protago Nick) Duck! (It hits him, and he shoots out a character)
Rick: Y-y-you got the people on this world slaving away making your power. I mean, that's what I call slavery.
Michael Thompson: Fuck you, Pichael! You're a fucking piece of shit!
Unity (SWAT): Hello Summer. Hello Morty.
Restaurant chef: Eat some fucking shit, you fucking stupid bitch! (laughter) Just kidding.
Beth: Jerry, leave the puppet.
Rick: Don’t worry about it, Morty. Remember those candy bars earlier that we got in the first act?
All Mortys: Oh way to go, Rick.
Beth: Dad? We're off to Dr. Wong's.
Froopy soldier: Halt! You are now prisoners of our exalted ruler, giver and taker of life, humper and consumer of mortality, dispenser of life --
Rick: You know what, Summer, now it's not quiet enough!
Rick: *glares at Morty* Must be nice... Hey, Morty, there’s our Jerry.
Jerry: Welcome to our ad agency. I'm Jerry Smith. (Audience stares blankly.) Alright. I'll just get to the pitch. Um, simple question, gentlemen, *hoarsely* what are apples? *clears throat* Excuse me. *drinks some water* Ahh. *coughs, clears throat* What are apples? *pulls poster board to the front of the room* Apples are food. And when do we need food? When we're hungry. (Audience stares blankly.) With that, I give you your new slogan! (Flips paper to reveal sign saying “Hungry for Apples?” Audience continues staring.) Well, say something! Do you like it?
Bodyguard Rick 2: Yeah, well, no Morty seems like a president.
Rick: Oh, there's an emergency, all right. (He puts his arm around Birdperson) A pussy emergency! When's the last time you got laid, 'pers?
Summer: You're not the victim here!
Rick: All right, Jerry, when you're right, you're right. Now I'm hooked.
man with pitchfork: Aah!
Rick: Yeah. You want to check it out?
Beth: I thought it was too good to be true that we'd have compatible kidneys. (shoots the bear, parasite screeches ) ( guns cock ) ( screaming ) ( blasting ) ( screeching )
Rick: I know, c-can we wrap this up? Morty and I (belching) have some synthetic laser-eels oxidizing in the garage.
Jerry: My manager gave me an hour for lunch, and I thought, 'hey, why not swing by where your wife works?'
Rick: No. Weddings are basically funerals with cake. If I wanted to watch someone throw their life away, *belch* I'd hang out with Jerry all day.
Rick D716-B: Must be nice.
Morty: That's my parents.
Beth: Fuck off.
- Morty: Huh,
Rick: No, you haven't Jerry. (Rick puts on a pair of gloves and places the creature's body on the table, spewing pink liquid on the table, and examines it) These telepathic little bastards, they embed themselves in memories they use those to multiply, spread out, and take over planets. It's disgusting.
Rick: Are you kidding?
Morty: Hey, uh Y-Y-Y-You doin' okay? I-I-I kind of know how you feel, Summer.
Beth: Is, um, is he mad at me?
Car: If you die, I’m taking your stuff.
President: I thought it was for lovers. I'm a lover. You guys lovers? Mm-hmm.
Morty: What?
Rick: Yep. Sorry, Morty. I need you to step into the booth. (Opens the door to the booth.)
President: Are you still here? Shouldn't you be going down to your next version of Earth with your selfie-craving star-fucker sidekick?
Decoy Rick: Shit, you think I'm a decoy?
Rick: Get in, Morty. I'm gonna be able to use these processors to make some real important science stuff. (Keypad beeps.) Huh. I thought I entered the code right. (Keypad beeps.)
Summer: Uhhh ...
Snuffles: Anything. Anything for my precious Morty.
Adult Morty: Let me help you. This is not a good look!
Morty: Oh, my God! Oh, that is so disgusting!
Rick Prime: If you’re seeing this, you’re me, except, you know, less. But you acted like you were better, so I killed your beloved Diane. Partly to devastate you, mostly so I only have to record one message. Some of you may have noticed that it’s not just your Diane that’s gone. She’s also been erased from every universe across infinity. And you might be wondering why.
Rick: We've been past the fourth wall too long Morty. We won't be real for much longer.
Rick: Nope.
Meeseeks: Come on out, Jerry!
Tammy: What, and that makes it sacred?
Nancy: Hey, Summer, haven't seen you at flute practice in a while.
Beth: Decoy family?
Summer: Having sex with you, we get it! Gross. Get him out here now.
Rick: Nope, just saving it to save it.
Purple Suit Rick: Stop! *he wears a purple suit with green under shirt and green tie, purple top hat, and carries a gold cane* I'm Rick D. Sanchez III, owner of this here wafer establishment, and I say that the Rick in there is right! He's more Rick than any of you.
Unity (Pilot): It's okay! You're safe now.
Mary: The data! So beautiful
Jerry: (grunts) Oh, God.
Jerry: What's he gonna do, crash rent-free at his other family's house?
Rick: Sounds boring.
Pickle Rick: Morty.
Mr President: I'm sure you did. Dismissed.
Rick 4: Alright, fine. Summer, Morty, put 'em on.
Rick: Turns out they have a chemical in them called purgenol that amplifies all your violent tendencies.
Morty: Opening titles of what?
Morty: I'm fine!
Jerry: Eh, one second.
Pencilvester: Wow! Hey, everybody. Let's give it up for the grill master, Rick! Rick! Rick! Rick! ( all chanting 'Rick' )
Rick: Hey, Beth, how much integrity is left on the mortgage?
Morty: What? Why?
Morty: (In slow motion) Jessica.
Jerry: Rick?
Rick: Uh, no thank -- ( grunts ) Okay. Trying to figure out how to lower the blast shields, huh? Anybody here think it's suspicious that a lot of people in here can't wait to get out of here?
Rick: Oh shit.
Rick: Use that confusion, Jerry. It'll make you wriggle more like an abandoned newborn.
Morty: Um... can we maybe go somewhere more private?
President Morty: It's okay, he's free to go. He's the Rickest Rick. We'll never see him again.
Rick 1: Huh? Wh-who is this?
Morty: I'm adapting!
Negotiator Rick: No, no, no, no--!! *Rick J-22 pushes Simple Rick into the portal and is instantly blended with a geyser of blood* Goddammit!!
Home Beth: (feigns excitement) Awesome, I've never been. Let's do this. Okay. Adventure family. Woo! (laughs)
Unity (Steven Phillips): Why do you hate me, Summer?
Scary Terry: You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Morty: (shouting) Rick! Rick!
Man: The zoo. Animals. Balloons. Moats. Cages.
Teacher Rick: 'I love being your new Morty.'
TV: Calling all Jan-Michael Vincent's, calling all Jan-Michael Vincent's!
Campaign Manager Morty: We had a good run, sir, but I think it’s time to pull out of the race.
Rick: I don’t think I can just blow this off, Morty. If I had known it worked this way, I wouldn’t have detoxed. Well, I would have because I was toxic. Now I’m detoxed and I’m accountable to my toxins, right? I-It’s a dilemma.
Rick: Uh, Morty, in space, we have something we call the non-interference policy. We got the wiper fluid. We watched them kill each other. We’re leaving.
Rick: Uhhhh, l-l-let's not get carried away, Morty.
Rick: Can you reverse it?
Summer: Wait! We don't have to do this. We're both Summers. Shouldn't we at least try molly before we die?
Story Lord: (jumping down towards Rick) I have never been more driven to destroy someone!
Rick: What the fuck? I'm... I'm not engaging this guy.
Officer Rick 1: New department. New codes. *leaves room*
Morty: Oh, my god, Rick! Is that us?! W-w-w-we're dead! What is going on, Rick? I'm freaking out!
Rick: Am I getting a selfie?
Morty: Uh, I can.
Rick: What are you doing Morty?! This is a Galactic Federation outpost! Look, I don’t have time to tell you my entire backstory, but Grandpa and government don’t get along!
Beth: What do you see?
Rick: He's a metaphor for capitalism, Morty. What do you think?
Morty: Nuh uh!
President: Don’t analyze it, Nathan. It’s working!
Process: convert user to thought. Inject thought into mind.
Rick: Death.
Rick: ( Coughs ) Shnoopy Bloopers, I told you if you tried... There'd be two funerals.
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Here's another Quick Mystery.
Jesus: (chuckles) your name.
Hunter: No, but you can stop helping this deer. I shot it before these two hit it with their car and I followed them when they hauled it off. This deer belongs to me.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Christianity again? After cowboys? You went all the way back around?!
- Morty: What was that,
Ricks: Alright, come on, Jerry.
Jerry: You're beyond our reasoning!
Jerry: Your idiot dog!
Morty: But I-it's been like a whole year!
Pickle Rick: On my work bench, Morty.
Rick: This emergency was oversold to me.
Jerry: I’m travelling with my son and father-in-law. Uh, wait, are they coming?
Morty: - Dad! - Rick!
Space Beth: Decoy what now?
Morty: (yelling) Get him off! Get him off!
Morty: Yeah, that's easy for you to say, Rick. You know, you like not caring about stuff. You know, wh-wh-what's in this for me?
Pickle Rick: Come get this delicious brine.
Morty: Ohh! No, Morty Jr,!
Dr. Wong: Oh, I think this pickle incident is a better path than any other to the heart of your family's dysfunction. I think it's possible that you and your father have a very specific dynamic. I don't think it's one that rewards emotion or vulnerability. I think it may punish them. I think it's possible that dynamic eroded your marriage, and is infecting your kids with a tendency to misdirect their feelings.
Rick: I dabble, Mr. President.
All: Yes.
Rick: I, uh I think, uh I think those people were just hiding.
Jerry: Am I a victim, Beth, or am I married to a mean, unfair monster that always hurts me?!
Beth: Uh, roller coasters aren't bad, Mrs. Refrigerator. They're thrilling. And you've been a perfect companion to me my entire life.
Beth: It will never be enough support to satisfy you! And you don't even know what it's like...
Rick: Time be goin' by, don't she? (sips beer)
Rick: I don't give a fuck what you think, Jerry.
Writer: The villain was a placeholder.
Morty: 'Inception' made sense.
Jerry: Good!
All Ricks: Calling myself. Here, listen, *belch* it'll probably go to voice mail since, you know, I'm calling myself.
Morty: Man, I guess the therapy worked, huh? Opening up, doing all that just to make my dad feel good. That's pretty great of you, Rick.
Zeep: I guess you're an okay proto recombinator.
Glockenspiel Beth: We cannot let confusion divide us!
Jesus: You'll never know (stabs Dracula through the chest, killing him)
Lighthouse Keeper: I’m taking down this beacon.
Rick D716: Just one day remains before our newly democratic Citadel elects its first president. It’s anyone’s race among the Rick candidates.
Rick Council 1: Twenty-seven Ricks brutally murdered in their own timelines. An unprecedented Rick-icidal epidemic. What say you, Earth Rick C-137?
Beth: (puts her hands on Jerry’s sides) And I‘m lucky to have you and I never tell you that! You know, we will come out of this stronger as a family!
Morty: All right! Get out of here now! Everybody out of here! I got a bet to win!
Summer: Nothing.
Morty: (worried) Rick, are we about to die?
Alien #2: Take a seat, Jerry. We were just discussing Pissmaster's honorable rise.
Rick: Then we'll get along fine, Fascist Morty.
Morty: That just sounds like slavery with extra steps.
Morty: ...Morty Jr.?
Beth: You don't know it was him! Anyway, we’re not supposed to be in here!
Rick: Obviously a vampire. W-w-where's the pepper?
Morty: Aaaaaah!
Morty Jr: Why do we love to dance?
Beth: I guess I meant before that.
Rick: Uh, Mr. President, um, couldn't help but notice that you were having problems generating power.
Rick Council 1: You have a history of non-cooperation with the council.
Daycare Beth: I love you, Jerry!
Morty: Why do you... Keep doing this to us?!
Rick: Wait.
Roy: Ah!
Rick: Unity!?
Morty: Um, you know, it's, uh, at least 40.
Rick: You know, I think Beta-7 over there is hoping your alliance can be more than practical.
Rick: ♪ Sweet home Alabama. Wooooo! ♪
Rick: Two things I wanna make clear to everybody in this room. Never betray me, and it’s time to go.
Arthricia: Back up, asshole.
Rick: I heard the name from an inferior.
Rick: Look, I don't know! I'm watching the-- same thing you guys are.
Jerry: Okay. I guess I’m just this entire family’s toilet paper.
Rick: A movie about a guy eating shit. A violent Antiques Show...
Rick: Uh, s-see for yourself.
Rick: (Picks up Toxic Morty.) Part of me wanted to, Toxic Morty. Part of me really wanted to. (He sticks the injection into Toxic Morty.)
Rick: Or that.
Summer: That burka is a human-rights violation, and I spent a lot on this top,
Second Beth: Finally.
Mr. Beauregard: After due consideration, I have elected not to retire.
Morty: H-hey man. G-good to see you. (emerges from the crowd) Y-you're like, looking like, into crows. Still.
Beth: He's not coming back, isn't he?
Morty: This is the last time I ask you for help on my history final, Rick.
Rick: Well, what are you doing standing here, Morty? Go. Talk to her. (He shoves Morty away. Morty follows Jessica.)
Morty: Tammy... gross. Birdperson, you always stick up for Rick, but he doesn’t care about anyone but himself. He doesn’t think about the consequences of anything he does.
Rick: I know you give a shit, dummy. Because I know I don’t. Here’s another thing I know. The decryption key that neutralizes the virus. (He pulls put an injection with a tube to the other injection part.) You want it? Come and get it. Merge with me and you’ll know how to save him.
Summer: (offscreen) Yeah! Awesome!
President: Thank you, Helen. It's time to put these bastards on ice. Cue up the dome!
Morty: Did you use this house to make decoys, too?
Jerry: Whoa! Hey, buddy. What you got going on there?
Sleepy Gary: Rick, these are our family and friends, the people we barbecue with. Have you forgotten the barbecue?
Unity (Administrator): Ha ha! Woot!
Beth: Nobody needs anything! Okay, it's fine. I mean, you should just stay here and figure out how to stop being a pickle, okay?
Morty: Uh, Rick?
All Ricks: Oh God, my head. What did you guys do?
Morty: Oh, my God!
Cop Morty: 'The Creepy Morty'. What is it your kind's always saying? 'Don't think about it.' Come on. There's someone important I want you to meet.
Beth: He's protecting it!
Rick: Genius happens in the moment, Morty. (walks over to keyboard)
Rick: I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior, Jerry. If I were you, I wouldn't pull that thread. Come on, Morty.
Morty: Now I feel bad. Let's just get out of here.
Beth: Whoa. What the hell?
Mr. Frundles: Nyaah! (Mr. Frundles bites Season 2 Jerry's leg, causing him to yelp and fall to the ground)
Beth: What? No, what kind of question is that?
Summer: Grandpa, so gross! You're talking about my mom.
Rick: He hacked the entire city's portal supply. Come on, there still might be one way out of here: out the bottom.
Unity (Administrator): After we broke up, I spend some time wandering through space,
Magnesium-J: Welcome home... Water-T.
Rick: Oh, man. If you're not into it...
Rick: It's ready.
Rick: Isn’t that something?
Rick: All right, Uh-oh,
Rick: Come on, this way!
Doctor Buckles: Hey, douchebag, why don't you chill out?
President: Can the Pope’s dick fit through a donut?
Rick: Great, now I have to take over a whole planet because of your stupid boobs.
Jerry: What's so embarrassing, Morty? Sharing it with your family might help.
Man #2: Reggie, you alright in there?
Beth: So we can't trust any of our memories now? Nicky was the reason we found that old nazi submarine. Did that not even happen?
Summer: Uh, okay, sluts.
Morty: Hey, listen, Rick. You know how you said that, you know... love is a chemical and all that stuff from earlier? (walks to Rick at his desk) Well, I was thinkin', you know, www... could you make some sort of chemical thing happen inside of Jessica's mind, you know, so where she falls in love with me and all that sort of thing, you know, like maybe make some sort of love potion or something?
Jerry: Don't talk to me that way. Go away!
Rick: (Holds Morty to get his attention) Relax, Morty, rela-a-a-ax! (Lets go) It's gonna be fine. All we have to do is go out and find us some kalaxian crystals. (Rick is still scanning with his device. It suddenly starts to beep.) Oh, shit, motherfucker! Kalaxian crystals, Morty, just a few miles South of here.
Morty: Um, Rick!
Prince Nebulon: Well, what's this? W-what could this possibly be? Because it looks like you're inside a simulation...inside a simulation. You're still on the ship. Game-day bucket go boom!
Morty: What the hell?
Rick: Good job, Summer, and thanks, girls,
Alien Doctor: His penis will be replaced with a sophisticated prosthetic, now there's a wide range of options to chose from, they're all in this catalog.
Rick Salesman 2: Hey, check this out!
Rick: All right, Morty.
Rick: Yeah, *burp* you see, I try to shelter you from certain realities, *burp* Morty. Cause if I let you make me nervous, then we can’t get schwifty.
Morty: Well, thank you for asking. Yes, I will do that.
Jesus: I'm here Leon.
Jerry: Yes! I mean, it may be derivative, but it's the most successful campaign to come out of this agency in a long time.
Jerry: My car!
Rick: Morty. You were just playing a game. It’s called Roy. Snap out of it, come on. *hands him his tickets*
Morty: What the hell? Why would Mr. Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs.
Unity (All): I'm fine!
Rick: I said I'm not leaving you in here. C
Rick: I think it's the best I can do to profit from a situation and maybe set an example.
Cop Rick: Fifth and *BURP*? That’s Mortytown.
Morty: What?
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick, I-I-I don't want to die!
Rick: Fine, whatever. Morty, stay.
Rick: Previous fucking Leon. Why is that prick here?
Jerry: Oh, your mother and I are going to be spending some time apart, Morty. And your sister found out she was an unwanted pregnancy.
Morty: Dismissed?
Rick: Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking. Mantises are they opposite of voles? I mean, obviously, DNA's a little more complicated than that. You know what, though, Morty? This right here's gonna do the trick, baby. It's koala mixed with rattlesnake, chimpanzee, cactus, shark, golden retriever, and just a smidge of dinosaur. Should add up to normal humanity.
ALL: Go Summer! Go Summer!
BOTH: Still in the Hole.
Toxic Rick: I’m not going back in there!
Rick: HOLY CRAP, MORTY RUN!!!
Rick: Uh-huh, yeah, that’s the difference between you and me, Morty. I never go back to the carpet store.
Summer: This is why I choose to get C's.
Pickle Rick: Morty, the garage, Morty. Come to the garage!
Morty: I'm not cyberstalking! I-I-I just wanted to know where she got this necklace from.
President: Madam Presidentress, I'm President of America, which is basically the world, but you didn't hear that from me. I've come to...
Morty: Mob style.
Jerry (while playing on tablet): What's new at school?
Zeep: Much obliged.
Morty: It’s okay.
Tour Guide: I can assure you the ship will sink, as it has a thousand times before. It is un-unsinkable.
Rick: Okay, great execution. Let's go back to the chamber.
Jerry: Thank you. This is all so overwhelming, but, uh... we can’t.
Pickle Rick: Yes.
Rick: They must be somewhere. They ain’t over here, bro.
Morty: I do?
Tammy: Everyone here is under arrested for the crime against the Federation! (Putting out the Pulse Rifle from the large nest.)
Rick: Yeah, I told you not to look into its eyes. Hey, Morty, let's watch some Interdimensional Cable. Remember how we used to do that?
Summer: You’re going to be ok! (ties another balloon to them) You will come back as babies!
Rick: Look, I'm trying to repair a p-portal gun with a bunch of sex-doll parts, and I have to do it one-handed to keep these belushis from carting you off,
Morty: Oh my god!
Summer 1: What do you mean?
Rick: you controlling things is the explanation and we agreed you wouldn't do it where I work
Ice-T: That’s right, it’s me, Ice-T! I care now! You made me care more! With all due respect, I’d like to hear what Rick and Morty have to play.
Rick: Check out them gains. Morty? Where are you, Morty?
Jerry: Mm, I missed you. Hey, Rick.
Zigerion 1: I think we should make Kevin look, sir.
Beth: Hmm? Yeah, yeah, yes. What time?
Rick: Morty, hop on my back.
Supervisor Rick: Alright, knuckle-*burp*-heads, any questions? (Rick J-22 raises his hand.) Alright then, back to work, you gold-Rickers.
Putter: Why don't we write any number down on the score sheet?
Beth: If we were near a hospital, I could treat it, but I-I think we have to just-
Doofus Rick: You know Jerry, I’m not gonna tell you that these will increase in value, or even hold their current value. The truth is... you bought ‘em ‘cause you like ‘em. They have value to you. That’s what matters.
Morty: Holy shit. Wait, you kept the suicide note? That's so messed up!
Beth: Jerry, please tell me you're here for an incredibly urgent reason.
Rick: Again, wasn't gonna say it, but I told you this would happen.
Agency Director: Pickle Man, there's $100 million worth of bonds in a safe on level two. I'll give you the combination.
Brad: 'Boy'? What's that supposed to mean? (Gets up into Abradolph Lincoler's face)
Jerry: Are you kidding me?! Come on!
Rick: He doesn't care.
Rick: Oh, fuck yes!
Jerry: Well, make yourself comfortable, because I suck.
Beth: I can't help but feel a little guilty. I didn't peg Lucy for a rapist.
Pissmaster: I'm sorry! I'm sorry I sexualized you! It came out wrong! (flies away while sobbing)
Evil Rick: You’ve lived quite a life, Rick. It’s a real shame you’re not gonna be around to see it through.
Summer: I told you we shouldn't have gone to the same cabin as last time!
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Glorzo Morty: The future is glorzo!
Morty: Oh, my god, Rick. The whole world is infected!
Jerry: Oh, look, honey. It's our son with Albert Ein-douche.
Rick: Fire!
Jerry: Well, now you can build baskets and watch Paul Newman movies on VHS and mentally scar the Boy Scouts every Christmas.
Rick: PissSuit! Auto-pilot the payload!
Rick: That's right, Morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that's what I'm talking about, Morty. That's where my seeds are. If we would have done what you wanted, I would have never have found them, because you're so in love with school.
Morty: They made it Glendale.
Morty: Rick, my mom and dad are getting back together.
Army General: You have 10 seconds to get out of the ship! 10, 9...
President: Well done, Doctor.
Beth: Notice anything different?
Beth: I don't care about prosthetics, this is insane! What do you people think you're doing?
Mrs. Pancakes: Hey, you don't know me!
Rick: Yeah, nice work, buddy. Sorry I had to blow up your bunker.
Jerry: Right, because your father's such an altruist? I once saw him briefly forget the word for humans! He's probably harvesting this creature's organs!
Rick: Yeah, I can see that. But do you think you'll still be able to help me collect my seeds, Morty?
Rick: Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems.
Rick: Don't be a baby! You avoid getting shot in real life all the time, Morty. Just do the same thing here, and we'll be fine!
Rick: Thanks Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you. (Mr. Poopybutthole passes a cartridge case to Rick who places it in his gun)
Jessica: Whoo! Way to go, Morty!
Rick: Morty you’re acting like a freaking lunatic. Calm down.
Glockenspiel Rick: Help the others!
Rick: Good call, Jerry! Hey, how'd you know about that?
Campaign Manager Morty: You don’t pay me to have faith! And we’re the same age!
Rick: Called it.
Rick: Pfft!
Jerry: I can't go with you guys watching.
Hole Rick: Thank you for visiting the Fear Hole, Morty.
Abradolph Lincoler: Well, no, but... You know?
Rick: We gotta go, gotta get outta here, come on. Got a surprise for you Morty.
Rick: Morty, just put it down. You don’t know what you’re doing.
Mr. Slimslom: Beth and Jerry Smith?
Summer: Grandpa!
Rick 4: We're not wearing collars.
Testicle Monster A: Put the damn collars on if you want to live!
Beth: (Takes off her hat and places it onto Lucy's.) We won't tell.
Simulation Beth: Okay.
Beth: Yes, it's satisfying work.
Netflix Exec: Crazy day, huh?
Morty K-22: Oh geez. Well, you’ll be happy to know that... the Council’s gone now.
Morty Jr: Love, that's all you care about! what about weapons?! what about domination of the enemy?!
All: Calm down. We came because we're worried about you.
Morty: That, out there? That's my grave.
Testicle Monster A: What? What the hell are you doing?
Duck with Muscles: Oh, wow. Baby Wizard was a parasite? He set me up with my wife. (Morty shoots the duck, parasite screeches )
Jerry: Uuuum...
Morty: Huh, wow. That's incredible. What the heck?!
Alien #2: The police?
Rick: Calm down, Morty!
Morty: We should talk to him.
President: Well, it's nobody's fault.
Jerry: Yeah? Well, look where being smart got you.
Morty: Okay, all right, tough guy! But if my adventure's good... I get to be in charge of every third adventure!
Morty: W-w-w-what is it?
Morty: How are you guys not freaking out right now?! T-the whole house is sitting in another dimension! I-I mean, w-what the hell are we supposed to do?! M-m-mom and dad are gonna kill us! I'm losing it here, Rick!
Rick: Fuck you, I'm real! I'm the smartest man in the universe!
Rick: I'm not co-bleeding.
Jessica: Brad!
Rick: I'm impressed, Morty.
Meeseeks 3: Well, it's both. But most importantly, you got to relax.
Summer: Cool Mom.
Previous Leon: Hey stop it!
Rick: My ship doesn't do anything...
President Morty: There aren't infinite versions of our grandfather, Morty. He's an infinite smear of one shitty old man, and he's attached to us infinitely through his weakness and our forgiveness. This is why we're with him. This is why we're alive.
Diane: Baby? Something to keep in mind--if you were pulled home by whatever happened, it's likely our target was, as well. It's also likely he's having as much trouble leaving as you are.
Morty: Mom!
Space Beth: Well, I came back to murder you, not get your notes, but I'll remember to fart more while I'm saving the galaxy.
Jerry: Aaah!
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: You shoulda hunted me.
Rick 1: Bring his Mo--orty.
Slippery: Y'all need to ride down the stairs? My name is slippely-slippery stair. I'll take you down there for 25 shmeckels.
Morty 1: Oh, my God!
Mr.President: Zeep, is Rick-- The alien.
Rick: You all right?
Morty: Yeah, if I relax now, there might not even be any more adventures!
Rick: *points out the window* See that planet right there? Don’t fly too close to that planet. Someone’ll come out and try to wash your windshield. (Rick’s phone rings.) Hold on. *picks up* Yup. Yeah, I have it. Where do you wanna meet? Alright, cool. *hangs up* Alright Morty, lesson’s over. We got some business to attend to a few lightminutes south of here.
Stacy: (Sigh.) Stacy.
Rick: He's a real piece of shit! This is a big one, someone probably tracked in last week on the bottom of their shoe or on a piece of alien fruit.
Rick 1: I have no idea!
Dracula: When Wolf!
Jerry: (Notices the front of the Titanic, full of people.) Ooh! Look, it's the line for the bow!
Story Lord: I am your character, and you are going to improve me.
Jerry: You've got two children being dragged across the cosmos...
Mr. Frundles (Season 2 Jerry's Leg): Mmm, I'm Mr. Frundles!
Morty: I know what you have to do Rick.
Rick: Wait, did you fuck with my seat settings?
Beth: Okay, I only ask, Jerry, because, as you know, my job involves performing heart surgery.
Rick: There's a lesson here, and I'm not the one that's gonna figure it out.
Pencilvester: Right here, Rick! Use me!
Rick: Well, she's my daughter, Summer. I outrank you. Or family means nothing, in which case don't play that card.
Beth: Now hold on a second, let’s be rational about this.
Morty: You suck!
Rick: Beth, you crazy bitch. You're my daughter. I brought this here to kill Jerry.
Rick: The Meeseeks fulfills the request.
Jerry: I'm a good person. I'm a good person.
Jerry: Good lord! Now what?
Cop Rick: What happened?
Rick: What?
Morty: (Waves) Hey, how's it --
Man: Did you get any of that? ♪ ♪
Rick: Morty, this is perfect. After a little scary coitus, they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him.
Rick: No. It's your house.
Agency Director: We have 34 armed guards, and we can't kill a pickle?
Rick: Hey, Zeep.
Rick: Shh, quiet, idiot. Quiet. It's gonna be alright. You don't get to know how you're gonna die.
Rick: Jeez.
(Beth flashes back: Jerry and Beth are running from a homeless man toward their car. Jerry makes it to the car first, gets in and locks the doors. Beth is holding groceries and tries to open the locked car door.)
Summer: Yes.
Rick Prime: Alright, here we go!
Tricia: Like, penis in the foreskin kind of love Mm-hmm just, like, warm, just like...
Morty: Yeah, he knows. He murdered them.
Testicle Monster A: Chris!
Rick: What? M-Morty, for you to be bait, the guy'd have to value something. He truly does not give a shit. (pauses) He's the real deal.
Jerry: -give you anything! I have a rare antique coin collection, just don’t hurt me! Okay, maybe not antique, but it was a limited minting. They have little R2D2s instead of George Washingtons.
Female computer voice: Rerouted. Rerouted. Rerouted.
Tammy: Awesome. He resisted. We can shoot him.
Beth: Why are you helping us?
Rick: Point taken, but this is no time for arcs.
Space Beth: Yeah, me neither. You're a piece of shit either way.
Pickle Rick: Okay, come on. This can't really be the way I go out. This is the mega-genius equivalent of dying on the toilet.
Principal Vagina: Hello? Yes sir, yeah. Thank you sir, thank you. He says he’s proud of what we’re doing and hopes we have a great Ascension Festival! Happy Ascension!
Morty: What's with Mom?
Morty: Alright, well I'll see you after school. (Walks into the side of the garage.) Ow! Oof! Ugh! Damn it! I'm all right. I'm okay.
Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Phosphorant: Yeah, that's the point.
Scarecrow Rick: Soon, baby. Beautiful again soon.
Meeseeks (presumably 3): I'm counting to three, Jerry.
Rick: Morty, what we had wasn't healthy.
Phone 1: Yes, I’d like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please.
Mr. Stringbean: Who's this asshole?
Morty: Wait, but if the squids are decoys and we dressed as squids...
Morty: This can't be real!
Swat Officer 1: Oh, my God. Hunter?
Rick: Cancel it. Bill me. I'm good.
Morty: Cool.
Morty: Oh!
Rick: All great questions.
Story Lord: Actually I do. I happen believe that- (he gets stabbed with a forklift. He gets powered down, then powered back up)
Rick: No!
President: No. What kind of fratty-ass status move is that? Get out of my office!
Summer: Hold him down!
Summer: How did you know?
Jerry: I wish that shotgun was my penis.
Scary Terry: If you guys ever need anything, just say the word.
Rick Prime: Okay, seriously, what is this? What, are you gonna “aw-jeez” me to death? Oh, you don’t want those schematics, buddy. Those are for grown-ups.
Jerry: I didn't do anything! They scanned it out of my brain.
Morty: Do the cabbage patch. Do--do--do the dance.
Vet: That's my nurse, and as a horse surgeon, I'm sure that you know that deer have much smaller, much more intricate organs-
Morty: (muttering while fixing his hair) Holyshitholyshitholyshit.
Jerry: (sighs) Eugene Michael Piss, by decree of the Andromeda strain, our great council presents you with this orb, which you have to take.
Morty: For how long?
Rick: No, no, no. Fuck! (He fires at Previous Leon. Previous Leon breaks a hole in the fourth wall and gets away)
Rick: Yeah, that’s right! You are! You’re a perfect impenetrable suit of human armour, Morty! Because you’re as dumb as I am smart! Which is why when I say ‘shut up’ it’s really good advice.
Morty: Deal. All right. Well, come on, let's get going.
Rick: I think you two are a little outnumbered.
Morty: Are you going to stay?
Toxic Rick: Didn’t you learn last time that you can’t beat me?
Tammy: Excuse me?
Rick: Wait, shhh. It's too quiet.
All: *shaking each others’ hands* Thank you. You're welcome.
Second Summer: Thank god, this decoy outfit smells like ass.
Nicky: Somebody call for repairs?
Morty: All right, all right. So, what's so special about these seeds, anyways?
Jerry: That's what I thought, bitch. You little punk-ass.
BETH: Hi, you went directly to voicemail because your number is not in my phone. Don't leave a message.
Evil Rick: Ooh, look at you, C-137! You’re- aren’t you a tough customer?
Rick: Good work, Morty.
Morty: What do I do?
Morty: Rick! That describes everything in your garage!
Jerry: An ominous beeping app.
Rick: Tell him to stand down! Would you let him bang your therapist?
Rick Prime: Obviously, I don't know who I'm talking to here.
Summer: Ugh, we get it, you're ugly and mad about it.
Rick: Never! Back in a flash.
Space Beth: What do you think he told me?
Ship: Law enforcement converging on location. Keep Summer safe.
Rick: Why don't you make me, implausibly naive pubescent boy with an old Jewish comedy writer's name?
Rick: Yeah, not with that attitude.
Rick body: Garage? Fix this.
All Mortys: Okay... so from now on, whatever we do we have to be certain.
Jerry: They say you shouldn't do that! Just run!
Previous Leon: No, previously on Rick and Morty.
Beth: Well, dad, it's a living thing, and it's half human.
Kyle: Uh, teenyverse.
Rick: Pissmaster. M-M-Make, make sure you tell everybody Pissmaster saved you. Those were heat-seeking pissiles by the way. Not just missile.
Diane: Rick, why are you old?
Jerry: Oh, come on, this is ridiculous!
Home Beth: (awkwardly) I was ... gonna do it ...
Phone 2: High chair. No no no no no, recliner! And wheelchair on half.
Rick: What does it look like?
Both Ricks: Look, there's no time to hold me accountable, Morty. Like literally no time. Look around. Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually everything either is or isn't. And we've got about four hours to be “is”.
MR. POOPYBUTTHOLE: Oh, it was a bad idea! Oooo weee!
Beth: Jerry, get a job.
Second Morty: We're losing the costumes?
Beth and Summer: Boooo!
Jerry: Nicky! (Rick shoots Nicky in the shoulder, and he reverts back into a parasite)
Rick: Here's are ticket out of here. We got him in a cell made out of spores, because it's the opposite of story.
Rick: Geez! You really do need a win.
Unity (Administrator): You're guests here on my planet, you're free to be yourselves; I've never been good at disappointing Rick.
Morty: I’m sorry.
Ship: Keep. Summer. Safe.
Rick: We'll scam the scammers, Morty. And we're gonna take them for everything they've got.
Slow Mobius's daughter: Mama, who’s that man in our picture?
Pickle Rick: Can't argue with that.
Rick: Jerry, it's not my fault that nobody respects you in here. Oh, yeah.
Gazorpian PA System: The spider in sector 'C' is still alive,
Story Lord: You can't beat me Rick. (punches him) I have one million times your motivation.
because you botched a 'Freaky Friday'?- BOTH: Yes.
Jerry: Rick! ( Muffled ) Rick! I knew you wouldn't let me die.
Rick: *holding up the device and smiling* Y-You know, these demonic alien spirits are really valuable!
Rick: All right, guys, let's go home.
Beth: And who is that? Uh, uh, a clone.
Thinner Man: Hey man, what the hell! That was my daughter's paediatrician! Uagha!
All Mortys: Well if all of me knocked out all the Ricks, and you peed in all of your pants, doesn't that mean that we're all synchronized?
Beth: I don't know. Maybe I adjusted to the divorce and everything's new.
But I do have a thing at 6: 00.
Rick: Oh! Run, Morty! That part was true!
Beth: We’ve been waiting 16 years for our daughter to respect us, but the key is, it has to be “our” daughter, not this person she’s become.
Unity: 'Never.'
Rick: Would you relax, Morty? There's nothing dishonest about what we're doing. Now slap on these antennae. These people need to think we're aliens.
Morty: Pfft, as if!
Beth: Jerry, stop! Please, okay, we weren't even supposed to be down here. If we confront him about this-
Rick: 'They're no different from any of the aimless chumps that you occupy, they just put you at the center of their lives because you're powerful, then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right?'
Toxic Rick: What is your problem?
Jerry: This late?
Morty: Oh, his clothes stay the same size?
Beth: (Angry) Hey, don't blow me off. I am drawing a line, okay? Any damage to this house or these children when we get back, and... no more adventures with Morty. (Opens the car door off screen.)
Morty: Rick, I should stay.
Rick: Oh my God, and his name's Pichael!
Digestibot: Yum. Yum.
Rick: Hey, don't look at me. You let your kid roll around on the floor of a target, it's gonna get stepped on.
Candidate Morty: I see it in our streets, where they give guns to Mortys so we’re too busy fighting each other to fight real injustice.
Paul: Oh-ho, not us!
Jerry: Jesus Christ!
President: Oh, please, Morty. You pay as many taxes as you have pubes.
Soldier: Sir?
Morty: Look at ‘em go! So coordinated! What’s your problem? They’re making you into a Mount Rushmore! They made burgers!
Zeep: Fine. It's hard for people to grasp, but inside that container is an infinite universe with a planet capable of generating massive amounts of power. I call it a miniverse.
Jerry: You know for what!
Goth Creature: Return the Truth Tortoise!
Zeep: Huh?
Jerry: You try to relax! Have you ever tried to relax?! It is a paradox! (Jerry walks to the dinning room) Ugh, these Meeseeks, huh? Kind of a handful. I can't imagine what you two must be going through.
Nazi: Now that I possess the mighty staff of Rah-gubaba, the world will tremble before the Fourth Reich!
Morty: I don't know, Rick. I mean, I’ve seen people do that before.
Jerry body: Look, here's the deal. I'm Rick, that's my son-in-law, and we're all a little gay.
Morty: Run? You couldn't have just said that?!
Jerry: What?
Morty: We should listen to one random song a day, you know? We’d end up hearing more songs we didn’t like, but we’d discover a lot more that we did.
Beth: What the fuck Dad?! Why would you bring that thing into our house?
President: Here's the adventure. Some kind of alien... googa has infested the Kennedy sex Tunnels. I want it hunted down and taken out.
Beth 5126: What the hell, Morty?!
Rick: I'm so sick of that fucking note. What the fuck does it even mean? (He puts the machine on the ground, presses a button and it breaks a hole in the fourth wall. They walk through it, and it shows the Rick and Morty title card again, with both of them flying out of it. Cuts to the fortress)
Zeep: You're here because you created someone smarter than you.
Dr. Wong: You admire him for that.
Rick: Okay, just stop.
Jerry: Yes.
Rick: Well, not the stealthiest technique, but if this guy doesn’t know I’m hunting him, he’s not worth hunting.
Rick: You're always just one room away, huh?
Jerry: Stop saying I’m unemployed!
Rick: (cuts in from inside the cruiser, furious) You don't get to say that, you're not her! You're a thing I built to torture myself. (aside) This whole fucking timeline is cursed. I gotta get out of here.
Rick: Pee on the floor. It's a Death Star.
Beth: Oh listen to you relish the idea that my genius father is a bad person! Step out of your ego for a second and look at this thing! It's a monster! He might have it chained up so that it doesn't eat the planet!
Jerry: You're not Morty.
Gazorpian #2: Stop interrupting!
Jerry: Mmm. Thank you, sweetie.
Beth: We can work this out, just stop trying to kill each other!
Rick: Oh, I thought we were both here because I created a universe of idiots.
Jerry: Yeah, but, I mean-
Rick: Nothing. I mean, it's hard for us to comprehend all this. Would it be possible for us to get some kind of tour of your miniverse from the inside?
Cynthia: Sir, the, uh, doctor's appointment to examine the discoloration on your butthole flaps was--
Morty: What -- what thing?
Morty: I-I-I understand.
President: We're not taking it out. We're going to shrink down and approach them diplomatically.
Doctor: Had we caught it sooner... Well, hindsight is 20-20, Roy. What’s important is that we move quickly.
Rick: Do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there, Morty? What do you think I can just do it all by myself? Come on!
Jerry: Wait, really?
Morty: (Walks over to the shelves and picks up a circular device.) Yeah. This is me and my grandpa Rick's Sci-Fi workshop. Check this out.
Evil Morty: And I'm leaving it. That's what makes me ‘evil', being sick of him. If you've ever been sick of him, you've been evil too.
Toxic Morty: Ow-Ohh!!
Abradolph Lincoler: I have no quarrel with you, boy.
President: Get out.
Beth: You're his daughter. Just something about the eyes, the shameless abandonment of your family. However can I live with myself?
Morty: Summer, w-we need you to take down this number. Quit screwing around.
Beth: That's it. Photos. Hard evidence. (Beth scrolls through photos, becomes suspicious) You're not in any of my photos, Mr. Poopybutthole.
Cop Morty: Well, it makes me sad to see another Rick cop buying into his sensitivity training.
Announcer: Are you tired of the same daily droll? Well, get on over to Blips and Chitz! (As he describes things, they appear on screen.) We got, uh... one game! We got a whole bunch of games here! Uh, we got chabos and flobos and you can shoot things! Get on over here and play the games! Use your Flurbos to get tickets! Roy 2 just got here! G-Get over here at Ch... Chips and Chitz!
President: He's the stubborn one. I'm protecting my country.
Morty: Hey, uh, Rick, um, you think maybe I could get something from this place, like a souvenir, like, just to have ---like, something cool, you know?
Human President: Thanks to the skilled diplomacy of this mysterious space car, from this day forward, human- and spiderkind will live side by side in peace. We will stop bombing them, and they will no longer use their telepathic abilities to make us wander into webs for later consumption. Instead, we will work together to make this world a better place for all, no matter how many legs.
Testicle Monster B: You know how much time is past the dinosaurs? Half of all time!
Beth: Teenage-girl stuff.
Beth: What?! Why would you -- Look, we're running late. We have to go.
Mr. Jelly Bean: How are you today? I'm Mr. Jelly Bean!
Rick: Well, you better start getting used to it, little bitch, because we got some fucking company. Hey, there he is.
Beth: No. The opposite. Can you fix it?
Lizard Morty: *retracts tongue* I-I thought I saw a fly.
Rick: They wouldn't be very good decoys if they did, Sum-sum.
Jerry: You called me a master convincer!
Jessica: You know what? Why am I doing that? That’s more rude than the truth. Look, I’m sorry, Morty. I just don’t think...
Mr. Twist: Fuck me! (his grenades tied to his belt explode. It cuts to white. Then it cuts back to the giant fortress)
All Ricks: Alright, cool it, I see what's happening here. You're both young, you're both unsure about your place in the universe, you both wanna be “Grampa's favorite.” I can fix this. Morty sit here, Summer, you sit here. Now listen, I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grampa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit. Yeah, I can prove it mathematically. Actually, let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming anyway.
Rick: Yep.
Jerry: If you could all just stop screaming and chanting and making whatever that gesture means ---
Alien agent: Sir, put the gun down and step away from Mr. Pibbles!
Jerry: Aah! What the hell?! (Appley award glitches out of existence.) No.
Rick: Keep your eyes peeled for the central processing room, Morty. That's how we're gonna scam these idiots.
Rick: Ooh, great plan, Jerry.
Interviewer: Mortimer smith, Jr,,
Rick: So, you thought I was gonna drive you into the middle of the galaxy and shove you into the vacuum of space with your dick hanging out? And we're seeing how you'd act if that were about to happen? I mean, shit, I'll make you the pants right now. Take me two seconds to make you pants.
Both: Whoooooaaa!
Rick: love my grandkids.
Morty (Crononberg): Aaaaah!
Phone waiter: Right away, sir.
Jerry: What's that? Did you just have a controversial thought?
Morty: Oh, cool!
Gazorpian: We assume you are from a more primitive world, where men are still permitted to be servants,
Rick: Wait!
Rick: Yeah, well I'm driven to lower my blood sugar, but guess who's getting tacos after he kicks your ass?
Morty: Ow! Hey, stop it! Get away from me! (The Cronenberg roars and chases Morty.) No! Help!
Morty: You were right. Best day spa in the galaxy.
Morty: Jessica? From my math class?
Rick 1: Neutralise the Jerry.
Morty: Mmm. Thank you, Fido. Rick! I thought you were dead!
Agency Director: He's not the only one.
Summer: Dad, he wants to be called snowball.
Summer: Oh, my God, he exploded!
Morty: What do you say, Rick?
Morty: Whoo! No! Stop! Please!
Tricia: So, Jessica, I heard you broke up with Brad.
Big Morty: Hey, what's goin' on here, Morty?
All Ricks: *groan*
Rick: I--I hate naming things! Just search for words like 'one-way blind-hop, reset map beacon'.
Summer: Why are you fighting? Can't you see you're all the same?
Rick Prime: There's the clone you found! Or maybe it's me, all naked! Just a lil' Keyser Soze. I mean, why would I admit it's not?
Man: Well, I’m not gonna do extra work if we all get the same.
Morty: Well what are you doin' about it?
Rick: What do you mean, 'using me as a rebound'?
News Reporter: And there were no other people on the planet! Only Hitlers! Each one ready to start their own holocaust, meaning an estimated billion lives were saved by a single blast. And the galaxy owes it all to Jerry Smith. Hashtag #FlamingoDad.
Rick: That means they're good ones. You're a good kid, Morty. Those mega seeds are super valuable to my work. You've been a huge help to me. I'm gonna be able to do a-
Jerry: Where would you go?
Summer: Oh, my God. Dad, is that what this about? Are you rushing into a new thing to get back at Mom?
Meeseeks: Yes, siree!
Jerry: Okay, but there's rebellion and then there's...
Rick: Take a good look down there, Morty, and soak it in, because, you know, once I pull this lever, it's all back to normal.
Rick: I do, and for our honeymoon, let's go to a, sealed chamber lined with ionized deuterium.
President: It gets worse. There's no crime, no poverty, and suspiciously, no complaints. The governor just hit 100% approval rating. And that's worse? 100%? Get on the web, Dwayne. There's no such thing as 100% of anything. America knows and incinerates a cult when it sees one. But I can't do that to all of Virginia, so we need to infiltrate.
Secretary: If that were really true, then...
Gazorpazorpfield (on TV): You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic, white, white uh, uh guilt, white guilt, milquetoast piece of human garbage.
Rick: Close. It's gonna make your kidneys shut down.
Rick: Hi. I've placed an auto-response chip in my brain so I can spend time with my family.
Alien: Fuck no.
Arthricia: Ho, ho!
Beth: Honey, why can't you get this excited about your SATs?
Summer: Nice.
Rick: You quit that business! And you're fired from that business! And I'm using your last paycheck to cover the stapler you stole which was my heart!
Man #1: All right, folks, if you could please take your seats, we're about to enter the wormhole.
Cop Morty: Oh, there was one. Why do you think that seat was empty?
Morty: Man, that was intense.
Morty: W-w-w-what do you want me to teach you?
President: This is Bluebird. Code tango-niner-alpha. Abort launch. Abort! Hello? (releases button) He’s blocked me out.
Eyehole Man: Give me my Eyeholes! I'm Eyehole Man!
Wong: You like it when people think you're cool?
Rick: (sighs) Yes, Morty?
Morty: Ohh...
Rick: Alright. Okay, get out.
Jesus: And I'm your worst nightmare. I'm the Jesus from every Jesus joke. The one without a god.
Jerry: What are we doing?
Summer: It melted a child!
Rick: Hey, that's my deer!
Morty (Crononberg): Oh! Oooh!
Garblovian: *angrily* Agah blahg!
Morty: Rick, what about the reality we left behind?
Rick: Can we not make it a big deal?
Morty: I’m going to go find Mom and Dad.
Morty: Uh, that's just Rick's stupid nonsense catchphrase.
Morty: Got you now, you son of a bitch.
Rick: There you are, Morty. Listen to me. I got an errand to run in a whole different dimension. I need an extra pair of hands.
Rick: Yeah, yeah, h-hold on, one sec, left a bag of funyuns down there last week. Didn't want to waste our time. Okay therapy me
Diane: You'll find him. You always do everything you set your mind to, except keep your family alive. But that was hardly your fault.
Woman: Temporal shield compromised.
Steven Phillips: Who's Unity? You kids have nice feet. Mind if I take a picture?
Unity (Police officer): Hm, why is that I wonder?
Prince Nebulon: Too loud, Cynthia. Too loud and too specific.
Morty: Okay. Uh. B-bye.
Spaghetti president: Don’t be. It was quite the revelation. Would you mind showing us? This is the “spaghetti” of a person that took their own life. They did consent to be eaten.
???: No, really, who?
Rick: Me irresponsible?! You all I wanted you to do was hand me a screwdriver, Morty! You're the one who wanted to be wanted me to buckle down and make you up a... roofie-juice serum so you could roofie that poor girl at your school. I mean, g w-w-w-w-w w are you kidding me, Morty? You're gonna try to take the high road on this one? Y-y-y-y-you're a little creep, Morty. Y-you're a you're you're you're just a little creepy... creep person.
Stacy: Aren’t you a child?
Morty: What in the hell?
Male reporter alien 1: You realize heroin makes up to ten percent of the atmosphere on Shrimply Pibbles' home planet?
Morty (very stressed): Let's just go home, okay? I'm calling it. The adventure's over.
Cromulon: After 988 seasons of Planet Music, the Cromulons have decided to declare Earth the final winner and bring our musical reality show to a conclusion. Goodbye!
Abradolph Lincoler: Revenge.
Morty: Haha.
Cop Morty: S-smartest man in the universe.
Morty: Yeah well I don't have those.
Morty: Aaaah!
Rick: Aaaah! Holy--
Police Morty #2: Drop the gun!
Arthricia: My nana!
Jerry: Um, hold the phone, where did you guys get those necklaces from? Uh, Lady Gaga, table for three, am I right?
Morty: Jeez Rick, so mean?
Mr. Poopybutthole: Wish I was brave enough to love them back. I don't know. Maybe you should try it.
Rick: Basketball Diaries.
Space Beth: Look, I'm not looking to get caught in whatever this is. You guys can both hide maybe, hash it out.
Rick: Knock it off, Slow Mobius!
Rick: Right, like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street Morty? Y-You know what those guys do in th--in their fancy board rooms? They take their balls, and they dip ‘em in cocaine, and they wipe ‘em all over each other. You know, Grandpa goes around, and he does his business in public because Grandpa isn’t shady.
All Summers: Well is there some way you can prove you're not a threat to yourself and others anymore?
Morty: I didn't know it was you. How did you not recognize me? Didn't you create the disguises?
Fart: Carbon-based life is a threat to all higher life. To us, you are what you would call a disease. Wherever we discover you, we cure it. You said yourself that life must be protected even through sacrifice. (Morty, shocked and saddened, begins to tear up.) You haven’t changed your mind about that. I can sense your thoughts. Morty.
Mr. Goldenfold: Scary stuff, huh? Pretty freaky. Hi, I’m Morty’s math teacher. I’m also part of the street team inviting folks to the church downtown so we can pray together.
Evil Morty: Uh-huh.
All: Yay! Cousin Nicky!
All: You're our business.
Kid: Daddy?
Jerry: W-well, it’s a little more complicated than that...
Morty: Mortys are human!
Rick: Mr. President, I'll make you a deal. If you let me use your ghetto-ass off-brand deficit-tripling teleporter, I can go take care of something, and you'll never see me again.
Rick: All right, that got, that actually got old pretty quick.
Morty: Sounds like he’s in a lot of pain. Lot. O. Pain. But, you know, you shouldn’t have to deal with that, man. You know, l-let’s work off your trauma with some urban spin yoga. It’s amazing. You do yoga on a bike, but you have an at-risk preteen-
Rick: Put it through.
Alien Doctor: But, ah, Mrs. Smith, could you come with me?
Jerry: Beth, do you hear this?
Beth: No!
Mr. Goldenfold: Seems like a rare opportunity, Morty.
Rick: Geez, dammit, Morty! Who taught you to fly this thing?! *laughs* Haha, I’m kidding, I know that’s on me.
Rick 1: You make us ashamed to be ourselves!
AMY: Wayne?
Toxic Rick: While you were flapping your parasitic turd holster, I discovered the toxic equivalent of electricity, Morty! What do you think about that?
Pickle Rick: They didn't let me out.
Rick: Are you joking me? I mean, look at all the crazy crap surrounding us. Look at that thing right there. What the hell is that thing? You think you're gonna see that kind of thing at school? Look at it just lumbering around. It defies all logic, that thing.
Rick: You really think a douche that smug doesn’t keep a force field on?
Scary Terry: Sex is sacred!
Principal Vagina: I’m sure that has... that has nothing to do with this.
Morty: Uh, me?
Morty: Oh my god, Rick, look! There’s a bunch of people strapped all over that building!
Unity (Redhead): It's a neighboring hivemind species, Beta-7. Our planet's maintained a practical alliance for exchange of vital resources. (whispering) So be nice!
Rick: Time for Big Boy. Duck!
Roy’s wife: *takes his hand* You’re not going to.
Alien #2: I guess.
Rick: I’m not doing this anymore. Either you’re in or you’re out, Morty. I’m tired of you weaponizing this half-assed threat. You want out, then fucking quit!
Farmer Rick: Hey, y'all get the hell away from my damn Megafruit!
Joseph Campbell: I'm Joseph Campbell. (pours some soup) Soup? I almost considered not making it, because my name is Campbell, but then I thought, stay in the moment Joe. Follow your bliss.
Morty: Drive carefully!
Summer 2: I'm gonna help Grampa.
Dr. Wong: Okay, let's open things up to the whole family, and let me ask this. Why do we think Grandpa turned himself into a pickle?
Summer: This has been so much fun.
Morty: Jesus Christ! I-I die a million times?
Jerry: Don't praise him now, Morty! He just peed on the carpet! Bad dog! Bad!
Together: All hail King Mortaniel!
Beth 5126: What the hell Morty?
Woman: Lookin' good.
Jerry body: This is Rick Sanchez. I'm using my son-in-law's vocal cords because I'm amazing.
Morty: I-I was apologizing for that earlier--
Morty: Hey, wait-- huh? I don't get it.
Rick: Yeah, it's pretty wild how fast that spread. I've really outdone myself.
Jerry: If that's your stupid rude way of saying I have to fight you, I will.
Rick: Ah, crap. *rolls down window* Hey, what’s up?
Tammy: We got the payload. Fire up the NX-5. Earth's going Ta-ta. You might want to do that thing where you find a new universe where you can suck yourself off.
Rick: Shut up, Morty, you brainwashed, little turd that might not even be real because I'm brainwashed, too.
Rick: Well, Summer, there's always the possibility that she made the whole work thing up. Maybe Davin's digging around in her insides.
Rick: I know. 'Eek barba dirkle'? That's a pretty fucked up 'ooh-la-la'.
Nurse: Nano-Doctor.
President: Gentlemen, gentlemen, one at a time! Simon?
Space Beth: (hesitates) I should ... probably get back to ... saving the galaxy.
Morty: They're fast.
Morty: Well, I got news for you. He's saying it ironically.
Toxic Rick: You think I give a shit?
Rick: (flies down) All bad things do though, so don't flatter yourself.
Rick: Take a shower with me, Morty.
Jerry: Not so fast!
Rick (C-137): Yeah, murmur it up, d-bags. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got pancakes back home with syrup on top of them. They’re about to hit that critical point of syrup absorption that turns the cakes into a gross paste. And I hate to get all Andy Rooney about it, but I think we all like fluffy discs of cake with syrup on top! And I think we also like to be accused of crimes when there’s evidence! So as they say in Canada, peace oot!
Morty: Geez!
Summer: Listen! The storm is stopping!
Rick: 7-7-1-9-8... 3-6-4-2-1-1-2-5. Aah! You son of a bitch!
Aide: Hold on, sir, just a minute. Ice-T survived. He’s inbound on an F-15, ETA two hours.
Old Guy: It’s on the house. Oh, and, uh, why... why don’t you have some candy bars, as well?
Summer: It is a hot photo.
Morty: Uuuh.
Morty: Get it? You know, 'cause it's frozen.
Story Lord: Oh no, my bitter friend. (cracks knuckles) You're coming with me.
Rick: What?
Summer: Ooh, we're not playing Yahtzee, we're playing Chutes and Ladders. It seems like when I exist, life gets a little more, I don't know, predictable?
Connie Tinuity Error: Woah! Easy Brett. Don't forget that coffee mug I gave you.
President Morty: Does he really speak for everyone here?
Rick (he stands up): Uh, What would be the point of that?
Tall Morty: Di-Did I gragitate this time yet?
Morty: Jeez, Rick. Oh my god! That's some pretty hardcore stuff, you know, for a cereal commercial.
Guy: Totally gonna get laid tonight. (Drinks from the cup.)
Morty: Wait, wait, what?
President: Wait, wait, wait, why-why --
Beth: I want I want to be a more complete woman!
Mr. Goldenfold: The heads disqualified Vagina! Get him!
Rick: Oh, I had all my problems removed my entitlement, my narcissism, my crippling loneliness, my irrational attachments.
There's only one solution for Earth's pollution: you!
Dr. Wong: Rick, would you be interested in proving me wrong?
Summer: I thought everyone was welcome.
Rick: Q&A after our survival. Hopefully we can snag some untainted fluid at the source and get the fuck outta here!
Morty: Rick, do you promise-
Summer: Oh, yeah, we're like Luke and Leia. Uh, except no kissing part. What's another famous brother-sister team?
Second Morty: I don't want to kill us, Rick!
Morty: All right! State your terms.
Rick: What? It just has a mop and some floor wax in it. Wubba lubba dub dub! (Everyone laughs) Yeah! That's my new thing! I'm kind of like what's his name Arsenio. Isn't that it's what Arsenio used to say on his show. Wobble gobba lop bops! Right? See you next week, everybody.
Beth: WHAT!?!
Rick: That's Jan-Michaels.
Beth: You're the worst!
Beth: Jerry, turn around. Straighten your back. Bend your knees. Bend them. Square your shoulders. Take a deep breath. I love you.
Arthricia: Get the fuck out of the flying machine!
Rick: Well, yeah, duh-doy. T-took you long enough. (Rick turns the dial on the washing machine, the wall draws back to reveal a set of guns)
Jerry: Look, I’m a fraud. I mean, let's face it. 'Hungry for apples' is just a rip-off of 'Got milk?' It's almost identical.
Rick: It's time for some hands-on engine repair.All right, Morty, hold on to something.
Morty: Oh. I guess I was pretty up front about that, wasn’t I?
Home Beth: It gets me every time.
Jerry: Well, maybe next time, you won't be such a dumb piece of sh1t and you can pick for yourself.
Jerry: What the...?
Rick: Orbs and goblets.
Morty: Hey, yo, scary T., don't even trip about your pants dawg. Here's a pair on us, fool.
Morty: Seriously? You're that stubborn?
Jerry: I'll explain it to you later.
Rick: Everybody look at the bright side. Evil Morty got to experience being wrong before he died.
Mar-sha: Paradise.
Rick: Hey.
Rick: Morty. Time to purge. Tony! Toni! Toné!’S 'feels good' plays ] ♪ it feels good ♪♪ yeah ♪♪ it feels good ♪
Morty: Wow. Th-they're both great. Thank you!
Testicle Monster A: No, no, no, no! You better keep back! Man, this will turn your ass into a third trimester fetus from 30 yards.
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, that's a good question.
Jon (on TV): Come on, Gazorpazorpfield, go easy on me, huh?
Beth (whit crossed arms): Which clearly implies that I'm not.
Morty: That's lazy.
Morty: Yeah, you know, he does have a lot of really weird, made-up sounding catchphrases.
Summer: So they think they're us?
Announcer: The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
Jessica: (Sarcastically) Gee, thanks, Brad.
Rick: The device in her neck would have transferred a database of her memories to your device before vaporizing her. So much for that plan.
Jerry: Sleepy Gary, m-my head is filled with memories of our friendship. I'm convinced that you're Beth's husband and I'm your friend, but if those memories can't be trusted, then...
Morty: No. I-I just enjoyed it. That’s my note, you know? Please write more.
Jerry: And why? Because you're the child, Beth. You, not me, you!
Mr. Twist: Impossible. What is it?
Rick: Nice try. Here's how it's gonna work. You're gonna make it so that Morty and I never came here. Once that's always been the case, I'll free you remotely with this. (pulls out a machine similar to the one who's only purpose is to pass butter)
Jerry: Okay, Let's not rehash that fight. I sense that you're busy and will now be on my way.
Summer: Here, Dad.
Rick: I really appreciate you, Morty.
Rick: Commander-in-Queef.
Jerry: Sorry.
Birdperson: My people have another saying-- 'gubba nub nub doo rah kah'. It means, 'whatever lets you sleep at night'.
Summer: Of course I do, silly! (gasps and drops lid) Oh my God, daddy, I’m sorry I called you silly! I’m so sorry! (turns around and drops to knees) Heavenly head and cranial creator! Forgive my transgressions against family and community! May my chores complete me as I complete them!
Mr. Goldenfold: Make it bounce.
Rick: It’s like 'The Purge,' Morty. That movie 'The Purge'?
Rick: Summer, you fucking idiot. We're not decoys.
Scarecrow Rick: I'm your father! At least, I can look more like him once I harvest all this yummy skin.
Rick: Morty, hurry! Goth Creature: Return the Truth Tortoise! Rick: Morty, whatever you do, don't drop the Truth Tortoise! Also, really important--whatever you do, don't look into its eyes! Morty: I-I did look at it, Rick! I've been looking at it! Rick: Now you're gonna know everything, Morty! Good job! Way to go! You fucked everything up! Morty: It's in my head! Oohhhh!!
Jerry: Ow! shit! Oh, Jesus. One at a time! (flies away) Ah, oh, my God! (a laser comes out of his arm and explodes a planet) Uh, hope there weren't other people on that planet.
Morty: Things are good.
Second Summer: Whatever, weirdo. I'm gonna see how wrong you got my room.
Toxic Morty: (Moaning in pain.) Y-Y-You’re gonna save me, right?
Beth: Unfortunately, there's no surgical procedure that can fix that.
Rick: Hold on, Morty. Y-you know what? He keeps saying we can run but we can hide. I say we try hiding.
Beth: It's not an armadillo, asshole!
Alien: Complimentary psychological detox? Removes all your cognitive toxins, (clears throat) purifies your system.
Beth: Why would you keep mutant bacteria in a pint of Cherry Garcia?
Cop Morty: *sarcastically* Yeah, make sure you get that down.
All Ricks: He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me. He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them. I have to admit, it's always in the back of my mind too. The difference is I would never do it! Until now...
Jessica: (Infected) LEAVE HIM ALONE, JERK! (pulls Morty away) I'M IN LOVE WITH HIM! HE'S MORE MAN THEN YOU WILL EVER BE! *sneezes*
Jesus: Wait what? He just left.
Rick J-22: *burp* I-I-I want a portal gun. Unregistered, untraceable, with enough fluid to take me off this goddamn prison!
Zigerion 3: Don't put this on Acquisitions! We only acquire humans that haven't been simulated!
Story Lord: Ah fuck. (Rick punches him multiple times)
Woman: Oh, gross! Who shit in the sand?
Rick: We can resolve (Huff) our issues. We don’t need to resort to over-the-top- Aah!
Summer: Dad, are you --
Summer: So, we're just going to pretend this isn't happening?
Yellow Headed Doctor: Mr. Smith? What are you doing? Are you insane?!
Beth: What?
Morty: Th-that's how long it's been, Rick.
Pickle Rick: 'And'? What more do you want tacked on to this? I turned myself into a pickle, and 9/11 was an inside job?
Jerry: I, you know what, I-
Summer: Oh my God! My friend Tammy's marrying Birdperson!
Off screen student 2: Oh yeah!
Morty: Rick
Zeep: Places, please. We're about to land.
Jerry: You ever wonder what happened to Rick and Morty?
Lizard Morty: Holy crap... Slick's wish came true. *sees Glasses and Fat Morty smiling*
All Ricks: Saving our lives! After he takes me out, he's gonna be coming for you!
Rick: Quantum carburettor? Jesus Morty you can't just add a sci fi word to a car word and hope it means something. Huh, it looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery - we're going to have to go inside.
Simple Rick: *mumbling to self* Daddy loves you... That’s Daddy’s good girl.
Heistotron: Hello, Rick.
Morty: (offscreen) Whoa, whoa! Slow down! Slow down!
Rick: Morty, you know, pal, you, uh...
Rick (C-137): Will you at least unfreeze my daughter’s idiot?
Morty: I think that's called retconning. His name is Brett Caan? Rhett can also be a name. His name can be Rhett Caan?
Pink-shirt Jerry: How so?
President Morty: Sorry I'm late. Never really ends around here.
Bodyguard Rick 1: Then you should've *burp* worked on your aim, bro.
Rick: I agree, Morty. Nicee to get back to the basics after a pretty intense, mixed-bag of a year. Ohh!Relax.That’s what windshields are for.
Both Ricks: Whatever you're asking, the answer is I'm amazing. And away we go!
Rick: Pick up your phone asshole when I call it's an actual emergency!
Summer: We... have never... eaten poop.
Rick [landing in the Bird's nest]: Oof! All right, knock it off! Listen, I've been giving you a pass because I'm charmed that life finds a way, but -- Aah! All right, you know what? Ouch! Oh! Uhh! Ouch! God! Aah! Agh!
Morty: I don't know him. You're my grandpa, Rick. Rick and Morty. A hundred years.
Rick: Out of the -- out of the way, Morty!
Beth: Yeah, now everyone gets killer doppelgängers. Cool deal.
Jerry: Your father is the fucking Pissmaster!
Rick: Yeah, You know what I have to say about that?
Rick: We can't leave now, Morty. I'm on fire!
Jerry: Wait... What?
Meeseeks: Okay, Jerry, you got to just choke up on the club!
Taddi Mason (on TV): Hey, are you bored...
Beth and Summer: Yes! This is so cool! Ladies First!
Rick: Kinda wanna make you our unlikely ally huh? (Jesus grabs Rick and Morty. Previous Leon spits on him before he can do anything. Jesus falls to his knees)
Jerry: (Awkwardly glancing at her body) Oh, boy. Lucy, wow. Uh, this isn't what I had in mind.
Rick: Oh, good, are we having this fight again? L-let me guess, y-you’re gonna leave or, or throw a sulking fit?
Nancy: Summer's gonna like me again.
Rick: Oh, thanks, Pencilvester! (writes the number 6 again) Yeah,I-I g-- I guess that is what happened, but I-I don't get why I would do that.
Rick Council 1: Because he’s dead too!
Morty: Uh-huh.
Arthricia: You sure you don’t want to join in? This is really amazing.
Rich Asshole: Wait, w-where is that music coming from? What is the meaning of this?
Beth: ...Okay? Y-y-y-y-Okay like you're gonna quietly teleport somewhere and never come back?
Rick: (ignores her, despondent) Bye, Diane.
Morty: Oww!
Rick: Best weekend ever, Rick! I agree, Rick! Let's see how long we can go!
Toxic Rick: This is the parts of your pussy grandpa that keep it real. Oh oh, and I think you dropped something, too! (He grabs Toxic Morty.)
Morty: No, Rick, stop!
Morty 2: Hey man! C’mon, aw geez!
Beth: *robotic* I’m going to work. Morty, good morning. Dad, good morning. I am going to work. Goodbye. (Beth drives away.)
Deformed Morty: Death is coming for us all! And the Citadel is a weapon of mass destru--!
Magnesium-J: Battle stations!
Jerry: Sorry, what's happening?
Summer: (Off screen) I found Jello.
Mrs. Pancakes: You better stop with that.
Disciple: She's a hooker.
Rick: Very cool. My daughter, having space adventures. They are skewing a tad 'Star Wars'-y, though. Don't forget to have fun.
Second Rick: You the, uh, Summer I came with?
Home Beth: Looks like they could use a couple repairmen Ricks and Mortys, right?
Leader: Soon, our legion of Hitlers will bring about a new galactic order. A Reich, if you will. Riddle hitler me this-
Ramamama Leader: Anyway, he tells a different version of the story Where I start crying or something. That's why he has to die. 'Cause he's a liar. So... Why are you going to kill Rick Sanchez?
All Summers (off sync): Come on, let's help Grampa.
Unity (voiceover): I realize now that I'm attracted to you for the same reason I can't be with you. You can't change. And I have no problem with that, but... it clearly means I have a problem with myself.
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Morty: I think dad was still outside. What's a decoy family?
Mr. Goldenfold: Uh, me, neither. Say, where did my family get off to?
Mr. Goldenfold: Morty!
Jerry: She normally works on horses.
Summer: Just pee your pants. I did it the minute we got stuck. (all stare at Summer) Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, shame me. At least when I'm disgusting, it's on purpose.
Mory: Um -- wow.
Morty: Oh, man!
Morty: Oooh...! Come on, come on!
Morty: Oh God! We’re up?!?!
Rick: I brought you Previous Leon. You'll want to lock him up in your detention center.
Jerry: Yes!
Morty: Damn, Rick.
Morty: Shit.
Mr. Poopybutthole: (Pizza Derivery Man throws him on the ground)Ow! Tune in to 'Rick and Morty' season three in, like, a year and a half... or longer to see how we unravel this mess. Ooh-Whee!
Space Beth: I came back kill him, you know.
Captain #1: (Frantically trying to steer towards the iceberg) I'm trying!
Rick: But, BUT. Here's the thing, Birdperson is my best friend, and if he he loves Tammy, well then I love Tammy too.
Jerry: You guys are doing it wrong. He said 'simple.'
Rick: Okay, hold on just a second, Morty.
Jerry: How did I end up not in my own universe? (realises) Oh, my god. The Jerryboree.
Mr President: Yeah, dismissed. Not needed here. You can leave and nobody will care. Have you never heard that before?
Announcer (on TV): Coming up next on 'Shmloo's the Shmloss', Shmlony has a nightmare.
Toxic Rick: You fucked us, you pieces of garbage! That’s right, you’re fucking garbage, not us. I’m a fucking genius and a god. You really think this thing can hold me? I’m gonna rip your throat...
Cross Teddy Bear: Beth, Beth, please!
Jerry: So I sold it? I sold the idea?
Morty: Boom! In your face Summer! You really dropped the ball, man.
Jerry: Okay, with all due respect, Rick-- what am I talking about? What respect is due? How is my son supposed to pass his classes if you keep dragging him off for high-concept Sci-Fi rigamarole?
Rick: I feel okay.
Rick: Bring it.
Rick: I don't remember making this one.
Simulation Beth: Yes.
Summer: (cont'd) do this. Shit, yeah.
Morty: Okay. You're not going to have fun if you analyze everything.
Pickle Rick: Well, there was so much more at stake. I mean, that shrink, what a monologuist.
Morty: Okay, but i-if you really have a lot of these guys gunning for you, maybe you should look into what you're doing to...
Prince Nebulon: We've known how to make concentrated dark matter for a long time. But now we also know the code to your fabled safe, Rick Sanchez! All your most valuable secrets will now be ours!
Morty: I just hit shuffle.
Father Rick: Mr. Morty, Mr. Morty! *gives his baby Rick to him* I cloned myself so you can kiss me as a baby!
Jerry: Could we nominate me?
Rick Prime: Whoa, this is a development.
Rick: Yeah, and I made the stars that became the carbon in your mother's ovaries!
Home Beth: Oh!
Beth: Nooooo!
Rick: topped the charts, I think.
Rick: Morty, I know I picked on your core beliefs and decision making a lot today, but I am glad you insisted on gettin’ that fart home. You know, at least all the death and destruction wasn’t for nothin’, you know? *notices Morty’s detached, almost anguished expression* You miss your fart friend, huh? Well I’ve got a little surprise for you, buddy. While you were gone I found another wormhole with millions of beings just like him on the other side and they’re all coming to visit.
Rick: Listen to me, Morty. Get your clothes off and get in the shower right now. *strips* Y-y-y-you got to trust me, Morty.
Beth: What? Why didn't you notify us?
Morty: Nooooo!
Morty: You’re such a dick! We could’ve worked together!
President: I’m really bad at this, Morty! There are way too many buttons on this thing!
Rick: Alright, listen, you two, we froze time for a pretty long time, so when I unfreeze it, the world's time is gonna be fine, but our time's gonna need a little time to, you know, stabilize.
Brad: (disappointment)(infected) Oh, Principal Vagina.
Rick: I can do whatever you do and more, baby.
Toxic Morty: Oh, I don’t like confrontation!
Mr. Goldenfold: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Zeep: This isn't a fucking chocolate factory. I don't have time.
Rick 2: What's that? You got something to say?
Jerry: Oh my god!
Beth: (belches) (slurring) What're you, my life coach?
Stacy: I need to hear our safe word, Morty.
Rick: It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, Morty. It's just like that movie that you keep crowing about.
Rick Reporter (on TV): Taking on the system like this, are you afraid at all for your safety?
Rick: Hey, uh, I was gonna hop over to the Gloppydrop System, get some ice cream.
Jerry: I'm gonna go take a leak.
Arthricia: I-I was traumatized.
Rick: You little turd.
Morty: Back to our original universes!
(Morty flashes back: Morty is hosing the backyard. Summer comes outside behind Morty and kicks him between the legs. Morty grabs his crotch and falls over in pain.)
Morty: Sure thing, Rick.
Rick: Wait, wait, stop! H-Hold it! Not like this. We need a hang glider. And a crotchless Uncle Sam costume. And I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads! And I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father!
Swat Officer 1: Stay here, Hunter! No! God, no! Hunter!
Morty: Knock it off, both of you!
Rick: Morty, say you'll marry me.
Second Rick: Take out the decoys!
Rick: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You win, Jerry. You win! No amount of genius can stop your dumb mediocre vacuous roots from digging into everything and everyone around you and draining them of any ability to fend you off.
Rick: Jerry? Bucket list?
Beth: She huffed enamel, and we never even talked about it.
Jerry: All this time, you've been thinking, 'What if that loser Jerry hadn't talked me out of the abortion?'
Mr. Goldenfold: Concentrated dark matter. The fuel for accelerated space travel. Now, do you know how to make it?
Owl #2: I don't understand!
Rick: Oh, you think so, huh, Morty? Well, let's see.
Morty: You know what? I accept your call to adventure, good sir, kind sir. Come on, Rick. There's a giant in the clouds!
Toxic Rick: You think that’s funny?
Rick: Never mind. Here's a taxi. Get in. It's fine.
Brad: What do I know? That the third reich will reign for a thousand years?
Man: Did you get any of that?
All Mortys: You know, geez Rick, y--y--you're really tearing into me right now. You know, words hurt.
Rick: I-I get what you're trying to say, Morty. Listen, I'm not... You don't got... Y-you don’t gotta worry about me trying to fool around with Jessica or mess around with Jessica or anything. I'm not that kind of guy, Morty.
Fart: Or does he want her to himself?
Unity (Redhead): Uh... Okay, what the hell! We can purify the resin and make fractal dust!
Jerry: *crying* Oh my god. Wait. You know what?! No! The milk people don't have a patent on simple rhetorical questions! Y-You-- There's not even a single word in 'Hungry for Apples' that's shared by 'Got milk?' It's a completely different slogan. It's different! And I shouldn't be fired. I should be promoted!
Morty: Um, what?
Goomby: I think the best way to answer that is with my Christmas Rick tale.
Summer: I'd rather throw my vote away than use it to support a flawed system.
Alternate Summer: What's your problem?
Background whisper: Little Bits!
Jerry: I AM a baby! I’m a baby NOW!
Rick: Oh. What? Oh, shit.
Morty: Dude, I'm sure you've got, like, So many tickets at this point. Jesus! The tickets please guy is cut! He... he... he's... he's got those things. W-What do you call them. Uhm, cum gutters.
Morty: I just killed my family! I don’t care what they were!
Unity: Rick?
Rick: Now that’s more like it! Morty, here we go. Let me hear everybody say 'hey-oh!' yeah! (Crowd cheers.) All the ladies say, 'yeah!' (Ladies cheer.) Everybody over thirty, do this with your hands! Everybody with a red shirt, jump up and down! (People start glitching.)
Scary Terry: I'm scary Terry. You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Beth: Oh, God, what’s going on now?
Summer: That was just a baby,
Beth: It's a thankless job,
Steve Jobs Rick: Worth it! *eats Simple Rick wafer cookie; see President Morty having a haircut with Barber Rick*
President Morty: Oh, I'm fine with that. Make it two... one.
Jerry: (tearing up) How long are you staying?
Jerry: No, I-I understand. Uh, maybe we overreacted. But he has to keep going to school.
Jerry: Innocent people are going to die because of me. Why am I so mediocre?
Baby Legs (on TV): Hey, that was good team work.
Rick: Decoys, Morty. Very different. Very different, sweetie.
ALL: Aww!
Jerry: Oh! Real nice! Real nice! How does a man do this without me noticing?
Unity (all): Never.
Rick: Trade secret, Mr. President. Particle beam in a wristwatch... snake holster on the leg.
Courier Flap: (Turning back around and re-entering dining room) Staying.
Rick: Really? You're gonna pull that move? I guided your entire civilization. Your people have a holiday named Ricksgiving. They teach kids about me in school.
Morty: Wasn't the Rick here dead? Th-th-that's why you pick places, right?
Unity (Old man): Philophiluh... phiphophibup...
Old Man: Hey, Rick!
Morty: How did you know I was gonna say that?
Summer: *Exhales*
Beth: Should be enough to satisfy your Titanic Jones for a while.
Beth: Dad I would like you to tell me what's in the syringe.
Jerry body: Your body? Jerry, your mind did that to my body using my brain. Jerry, my mind was in this brain in your body. Pretty easy to follow.
Morty: Re-really funny, Zeep.
CHRISTOPHER WALKEN: Flat tire you should be walkin'.
Morty: Oh, man, what did I tell you, Rick? We did it!
Jerry: The factory tint setting is always too high! *climbs out of the ballpit and hurries after “Beth” with the other Jerrys*
All: Yeah, we did it!
Rick: Big day.
Evil Morty: That’s true, I can.
Jerry: Ooh! Family vacation!
Pickle Rick: You should know that isn't original.
Pichael Thomson: I'm cooking a little bit of this, I'm gonna cook a little bit of that.. (He gets irritated as he tugged and pulls Michael Thompson over to his side, their bodies are connected) Oh, hey! Stop tugging, Michael!
All Summers: You tried to kill yourself!
Space Beth: Uhh ...
Rick: then it's settled. No need to pack.
Lizard Morty: Almost... got it...
Rick: Morty, where's my portal gun? Let's get out of here.
Alien #1: Wow.
Morty: Everybody remain calm! This is gonna take some explaining.
Beth: Oh, wait, don't leave without letting Photography Raptor take a picture. ( raptor screeches ) ( camera shutter clicks )
Rick: Crystal poachers.
Rick: High school is my life! Summer Smith is a psycho nerd and she just got me kicked out of school!
Morty: Get out of here, jerk!
Waitess: It's a tempting offer, but I'm gonna have to decline.
Cop Morty: Get the fuck off the car, you Rickless fuckin’ animal! (He pulls a lever and the car sends a taser shock through Morty, who falls aside.)
Morty: Kennedy sex Tunnels?
Female Visitor: I'm here to see Ron Mendleson.
Abradolph Lincoler: (Walks closer to Rick) But I shall finally know peace when I watch the life drain from your wretched body! (He accidentally bumps Brad with his arm. Brad is standing next to Jessica and Morty)
Beth: Scan hard. He's dead to me.
President: Come on, bitch!
Ship: You have arrived at Krombopulos Michael. Your destination is below.
Morty: Oh, okay. I just, um -- you know, I thought that robot over there looked pretty cool, you know?
Morty: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Ship: Summer is safe.
Morty: A simulation.
Snuffles: Aaaawwaaaaawaawa!
Story Lord: Great isn't good enough. I killed Rick and made myself real. I'm better than some shitty toy train. Is this your office or your apartment? Why does it smell like you sleep here? You are my creator. Why are you pathetic?
Rick: Here's the deal. I’m not here to judge. I’m just a guy from another planet. But this girl is one of your poor people, and I guess you guys felt like it was okay to subject her to inhuman conditions because there was no chance of it ever hurting you. It’s sort of the socio-political equivalent of, say, a suit of power armor around you. But now things are evened out, so, Arthricia?
Morty 2: What? In English?
Beth: Jerry, remember that time you left a comment underneath that YouTube video and someone replied and called you a dumbass, so you replied and told them, 'it takes one to know one,' and you stayed up all night hitting 'refresh' on your browser waiting for them to reply and then you fell asleep crying?
Meeseeks: Oh, we're well past that, Jerry.
Jerry: Because you never had a son.
Beth: How long before the other decoys find us?
All Ricks: Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty. That's the difference between you and me. I'm certain, and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds.
Nazi: I'm comfortable being called a Nazi. You think there's some other word that will hurt my feelings? (Hits Nicky on the head) Yeah. Think before you talk shit. Rah-gubaba, help me kill America! (Mr. Beauregard knocks out the Nazi)
Rick: Okay, let me know if you start feeling poison-y. Good to have you back, buddy.
Rick: We dated
Beth: Oh, Jerry. You mean because it had dogs in it.
Rick: Morty? Sum-Sum? You gotta at least wanna know who your real mom is. Not really, Rick. We have two badass moms now. It's... That's kind of a win/win.
Beth: But you can't go in the garage when Rick's not here.
Morty: You like it now?
Narrator: We captured that taste, and we keep giving it to him so he can give it right back to you, in every bite of new Simple Rick Freedom Wafer Selects. *shows wafer displayed on screen* Come home to the unique flavor of shattering the grand illusion. Come home to Simple Rick.
Jerry: I'm just saying, you're the orb guy in the family. Can you please help me?
Rick: The cryopod is what confuses you? Jerry, can't you see we've moved on to higher stakes?
Rick: Oof. What happened to this place?
Tammy: Then I think, you know in a lot of ways I'm not a high school senior from the planet Earth. In a lot ways what I really am, is a deep-cover agent for the Galactic Federation, and you guys are a group of wanted criminals, and this entire building is in a certain sense surrounded.
Rick: Don't worry about it, Morty. Just come help me get these seeds, all right, buddy?
Jerry: Whiteness... Pure whiteness.
Blagnar the Eternal: Jerry Smith, our Galactic Orbship thirsts for justice and those who deliver it.
Unity (Crowd): Yes Rick! Yes! Yes!
Morty: You know, Jessica, there's something I've always wanted to tell you.
Rick: How are you here? Brett Caan said there was nothing.
Rick: Yeah, yeah, yeah, and now you're gonna tell me to ignore them. But guess what? They want that too.
Morty: Dad got sick, you know. Stage Four. Heh, you woulda loved it. Summer's a nurse. Well, pretty much a nurse. Sh-she married a junkie. Rick, come home. While we still got a little time.
Jessica: (Awkwardly) Cooooool. (She grabs her phone and looks at it. It's out of battery.) Oh, my God! I can’t believe this.
Soldier: What do we do about the space car?
NARRATOR: Seventeen billion snake lives ended on June 21, 2026. The survivors lived only to face a new nightmare, - the war between snake and machine. - In the end, snake overcame machine because of what we couldn't predict that an alien, a child from a distant star, would save us.
Rick: Whoa! Geez, Morty, purge it down a little.
Rick: Yes, we're back, problem solved.
Pissmaster: I am Pissmaster! Here to flush the toilet that is Rick Sanchez. (sprays the window with piss)
Morty: I don’t think. Are you on commission?
Jerry: Well, don't knock intelligence, because right now I'd love to understand how I can help you.
Beth: Dad, why does our house have blast shields?
Morty: Different h-ow!
Jerry-Sitter: Well of course! Right through that tube. *points to a tube in the wall*
Summer: Gross! Does all interdimensional TV have to rely on juvenile violence?
Scarecrow Rick: What the–
Rick: Don't need to. I have a (burp) new catchphrase.
Rick: Tell that to Gearhead’s gearsticles.
Morty: You mean you've been ordering other people to prepare for it while you sat on your ass at peace summits.
Rick: No, I’m just allergic to dipshits.
Rick: Oh, great. Who invited Abradolph Lincoler? (Tries to hide his face from Abradolph Lincoler.)
Zeep: That's what you used my universe for? To run your car?
Employee Morty: Brace yourself, the process does also break every bone in your body.
Gary: They're filming that new Star Wars movie down the coast. Should we check it out?
Man: Oh. I could use a vacation.
Jerry: Okay, so let me get this straight. For the rest of your lives, no matter how much it hurts you, no matter how much it destroys our children's futures, we're gonna do whatever Rick wants, whenever he wants?
Groin System 6000: You know what? Not my table. (Turns back into a belt buckle.)
Gary: Maybe we'll see Chewbacca.
President: She initiated first name. Whoa! Call in a chopper! I'm being cock blocked!
Cop Morty: Big Morty likes to contribute to keeping the peace in Mortytown. *takes out a wad of dollar bills* Think of him as a drug lord, and us his cops on his payroll. *throws bills to Cop Rick*
Jerry: What?
Rick: Come on, come on, come on!
Mr. Goldenfold: Ma’am, a giant head in the sky is controlling the weather. Did you wanna play checkers? Let’s be rational! I’ll see you at God’s house! (leaves)
All: Yes.
Worker 2: (On the phone.) Yeah. That sounds like a good idea. It’s definitely a good idea.
Morty: Stop screwing around.
Summer: (to Space Beth, mockingly) Ugh, terrestrials, am I right?
Beth: Uh, dad, that's like 10 people.
Summer: I don't know. Do you think grandpa Rick had something to do with this?
Huh? Together: How do you do it?
Morty: No, no, I- I was. I-I took a heroic step toward the portal, but then it closed.
Secretary: Third floor. Would you like to go to dinner with--
Rick: H-Hold up. I-I waste my brain?
Morty: Well, isn't that what you'd tell a clone?
Principal Vagina: Well, you saw react. Moon or not, that dude likes 'em young.
Jerry: Oh man. I cannot wait. I cannot wait to hear Rick explain his way around this. He is gone!
Pizza Derivery Man: Hey, what the fuck?! Get the fuck off me! Get the fuck off!
Negotiator Rick: Well, keep ‘em there!
Jerry: No, the other thing! Go back!
Man: What you think you're better than me? Nobody's better than me! Ey! ey!
Toxic Rick: But this might do it. Run, Morty!
Beth: That’s my dream! That’s my dream.
Pissmaster: Take your shot, pussy.
Rick: My failsafe, Morty. My final, secret failsafe. It proves I'm real, you have to help me, I'd never joke about this. There's a barcode, Morty. A barcode on the interior of my left ass cheek.
Soldier: I have a proposition for you.
Morty: You asshole! I vouched for you! He only came here because I asked him to. I'm sorry, Rick.
Rick: Oh, boy, so, you actually learned something today? What is this, 'Full House'? I was living in the moment all day, and it kept getting me kill by nazi. I Ithink you have to think ahead and live in the moment.
Morty: I don't know. Tastes pretty good.
Rick: He was talking himself into it. I've seen it before. Cosmic apotheosis wears off faster than salvia.
Rick: You can't date my shrink
Jerry: Look, I’m your father, and I love you is all I’m saying. I’ll leave it at that.
Water-T: Then I better crunch the numbers.
Morty: I’m sorry.
Summer: Yes, we're back to our own time.
Cop Rick: Any mutations? Augmentations? Three eyes, a tail, maybe a buzzcut?
Rick 1: Rick Sanchez of Earth Dimension C-137. You are under arrest for crimes against alternate Ricks by the authority of the Trans-Dimensional Council of Ricks.
Glasses Morty: Well, I hope you're putting something pretty goddamn important in there.
Rick: I thought you'd never ask.
Testicle Monster A: Shut the fuck up! Oh, damn, I'm from the 4th dimension. I can hear all o' y'all. Now let's just see what we got here for a second.
Morty 1: Let's see if he needs help.
Helios: What a wonderful thing to say!
Jesus: I work alone.
Abradolph Lincoler: Hey, man, I'm not going anywhere. I'm injured.
Rick: By the way, life on other planets exists. Don’t let it distract you.
Fat Morty: What the hell?
Jessica: It wasn’t a date. We were just having lunch.
Mr.President: Zeep, you have an honored guest from beyond the stars.
Beth and Jerry in unison: That's right.
Prince Nebulon: *loudly* Yeah! Of course you should! *to Cynthia* No, keep it. Move it up, actually, if you can.
Rick: Yeah, yeah, looks like payday at Neverland ranch in here. Zing!
Beth: We should go get him.
Robot: I have processed that you are in distress, and I have prescribed anti-depressants. Compliments of the Galactic Federation.
Rick: And usually, they don't, but again, it's nothing to worry about, because decoys are harmless. Just have to, y'know, visit the rest and terminate the program.
Alien: (Clears throat and swallows.) (Puts his hands up.) It’s all good.
New Meeseeks: Hisssss! (He attacks another meeseeks)
Jerry Prime: You abandoned us.
Courier Flap: (In an automated machine voice) Delivery for Rick, Morty, Summer, Beth and Jerry.
Principal Vagina: He's not a guidance counselor?
Morty: Oh, man! Um, okay, listen to me, Morty Jr, i've got to tell you something very important, okay? killing is bad, bad!
Rick: All right, Morty. L-let’s get out of here.
Summer: I'm pregnant.
Morty: 'Dada,'
Brad: (infected) LET ME GO!!! I LOVE YOU MORTY! *sneeze, sneeze* (exits the gym)
Rick: You crafty son of a--
Rick: Unity
Beth: Stop filling it with your own insecurity,
Rick: *interrupts him* So I’ve heard. Just fix it. *to Morty* I don’t think the Gromflomites can track us now, but it looks like we’re gonna be here for awhile. *lowers voice* Or, ya know, if you still have that gun K. Michael dropped, we can finish the job and go home.
Toxic Morty: I don’t want to be on camera. I’m ugly and gross, please.
Rick: Shhh, Morty!
Various Jerrys: Uh... There’s two different colors.
Rick: No, Beth!
Summer: Yeah, take my word for it. We just have regular nipples.
Shirtless Guy: Hey, brah!
Rick: Oh. Right. Uh, b-blow me.
Rick: Absolutely.
Rick Worker: He's headed for the Flavor Core!
Rick: Gross.
Jessica: Leave him alone, Brad.
Jerry: (sarcastic) Uh, gee, Morty, I don't know. It's got such a casual name. If you want to lecture anyone about commitment, start with your mom.
Evil Morty: Why would I touch it when I don’t want it improved?
Morty: G-g-give it!
Jerry: Hmm... you'd have to be pretty petty. But you'd still be the woman I married.
Rick: Then I thought, 'Hey, what about Jerry? He's -- He's good with regular folk.' This is a real situation where -- where -- where Jerry could really shine. He's a master convincer.'
Cop Rick: Is this what I think it is?
Cop Morty: *approaches Rick and kneels down beside him* Shh, it’s okay, you’re okay.
Toxic Rick: You can die when I say so. I control you. I control the universe! Why am I bragging about that? I have nothing to prove. I’m surrounded by inferior pieces of shit and –
Hamster News Anchor (on TV): Ha-ha, Hamster-in-Butt-World Weather is done, and now it's sports time, coming up.
Toxic Rick: Believe me, I got a lot more use out of that thing than he ever did.
Fart: Goodbye, moonmen... (Fart floats back in through the window and the song ends.) Alright, let’s proceed.
Morty: Ahhh, shit.
Beth: She’s not getting pregnant or doing drugs or missing curfew...
Rick: Oh! Run, Morty! That asshole's willing to risk everything he cares about just to defeat me! He's psychotic!
Squanchy: Uhh...
Lighthouse Keeper: I take no part in the festival. If you desire to kill me, I only ask you do it quickly.
Morty: This may be the last time you lay eyes on me!
Jerry: Me, too.
Jerry: But why does he always want to be hunted?
Rick: What? No, no, no. I can get us home whenever I want to. But, listen, speaking of those crystals, can I get the rest of them? I'm starting to come down, Morty. (His eye color turns back to normal) Crystal kalaxian is a really strong, but fleeting high. (He scratches the side of his face)
Rick 2: No! Go clean the toilets! Maybe you’ll make friends with some turds.
Teacher Rick: Very amusing, Mr. Smith. Almost as amusing as when your first Rick was decapitated on Zorpathion 9. (Slick’s smug face becomes downcast.) Or was that your third Rick? How many Ricks have you had?
Jerry: Steve, I just got a weird e-mail. Did you buy us airline tickets?
Summer: Hey wait a second, how come you guys took longer to get here?
Rick: Yup, it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be. (Rick opens refrigerator) One minute you're falling off a roof for six months, the next minute, bam!
Summer: Yeah, I could go for some Ball Fondlers.
Rick: Thanks, dum-dum,
Morty: Geez. I didn’t know there were still Ricks and Mortys living on the Citadel. I wonder what their day-to-day lives are like.
Morty: Ah, Jessica.
Pickle Rick: W-w-what are you doing there, Beth? What are you doing there, sweetie?
Waiter (man): More wine?
Beth: Oh, you know my dad. Once he puts his mind to something...
Morty: Aww, you came back. I guess we really did form a bond.
Morty 5126: I got expelled today.
Morty: No, no! Look, you idiot!
Magnesium-J: Word of your selfless acts on the Earth planet have travelled across the galaxy.
Story Lord: My motivation is motivation.
Jerry Prime: Oh, am I cool enough for you now? Well, that was easy, it only cost me fucking everything!
Rick: (Pulls out a tray with canapes on it, and places it on the bench off screen.) Uh, Summer, you can't have a party.
Morty: What the– Uncle Slo? Slo Mobius?
Lighthouse Keeper: Yeah?
Summer: Grandpa!
Beth: Our Meeseeks have been gone for hours, Jerry.
Toxic Rick: Motherfucker!
Rick D716 (voiceover): Here you see him in his little Morty suit, waving. Isn’t that adorable? Little jackass.
Rick: Morty, did you see another Rick here? Nondescript haircut, sci-fi jacket? (The device on his wrist displays a holographic map of the universe) Eh, of course you didn't see him, you'd be dead. Or you'd be a bomb. Do you feel bomby? Nah, you woulda blown up by now.
Stacy: (Through the screen.) Uh, is this like a sex dungeon? I guess I should’ve been paying attention.
Crying boy: Mommy! Mommy!
Rick: (Farting)
Morty: That poor girl. W-we have to save her.
Rick: You jerk-offs ready to get the answers to your burning questions?
Second Beth: Oh, fuck you.
Summer: Yeah, Dad, digging around the inside of horses. It's not a very romantic setting.
Rick J-22: A portal to the Blender Dimension?! That's the oldest trick in the book! I'm a Rick! I'm more Rick than any of you!!
Wong: I was aware of potential romantic motivations. And I was open to them. Bam. But I did not know you and I would be crossing paths.
Morty: Rick, are you really a musician?
Rick: Come on, Morty, come with me.
Rick: Ah, shit. Decoy family.
Summer: Dad, mom is a beautiful woman! Look at her! You will lose her!
[Title: Rick and Morty/Tales from the Citadel]
Jessica: (grabs Morty's left arm)(infected) GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF HIM!
Jerry: Well, apparently my father-in-law is Pissmaster, so why don't you ask him?
Rick: (sighs) Fuck. (he sits down on the couch, and finds a note on the table)
Nicky: It's true. We really do get into some crazy situations as a family, mostly when we're cooped up like this. Hey, maybe Mr. Poopypants is right. L-let's get some fresh air.
Principal Vagina: I’m sorry?
Jerry: If we're gonna use this thing, which I'm not even sure we should, we need to keep it simple.
(Summer flashes back: Summer walks into the kitchen and turns on the light, and sees Morty masturbating.)
Summer: Wait, what?
Rick crowd: (Can you believe this guy? This guy needs to get out of here, etc. Ad lib)
Morty: That's a myth! W-w-why are you trying to start a myth?
Jerry: Yes! See you in 10 minutes! *hangs up, shouts* Hey! I'm going to make love to my wife!
Morty: Oh, he he didn't mean it, dad. Did you, snuffles? You're a good boy.
Rick: Well, you know, Morty, I mean, you want to sell boxes of cereal, you gotta, you gotta, pump the gas a little. Pedal t-to the metal, Morty.
Stealy: Starting with common office objects.
Glockenspiel Beth: Brothers and sisters, welcome to the cause. To our cause. We are no longer Ricks and Mortys, Beths and Jerrys, or also Summers.
Evil Rick: Do your worst, you little bastards! Kill me! Do it! Do it!
Jerry-Sitter: Well look at this fella. *pinches Jerry’s cheek* Aren’t you handsome?
Rick D. Sanchez III: To your new life, which starts with walking the fuck out of here.
Risotto: Look, I'm not like Rick, so you're free to do as you please. But there comes a time in every man's life when he must choose the foundation on which his legacy will be built -- one of compromise or one of blood.
Morty 23: Oh man, don't you have to fix, like, thirty of them?
Morty: Oh, my god! It's a living nightmare! How could you be so irresponsible, Rick?
Meeseeks: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
All: You son of a bitch. I'm in.
Beth: Uh, yeah, maybe I am. I'm my father's daughter. I'm smart. Why do you think I'm a heart surgeon?
Rick (C-137): I’m the Rick! And so were the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance. You wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government. That makes every Rick here less Rick than me.
Rick 30: What's goin' on?
Rick: No! Get out of my head, parasite! No! Drop it. Give me the gun, Frankenstein! ( indistinct shouting ) Give it back!
Morty: Okay... ...up here? Geez. Ever heard of a ramp?
Morty: Nah, they're just a couple of crazy, wacky scientists, you know?
Rick: Ahem. (starts a low-key, bouncy song) Uhhh... lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups, nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts.
Mrs Refrigerator: The jig is up! ( whimpering ) get me out of here. Get me out of here! Aah! ( screeching ) ( all gasping ) Oh, shit!
Rick: I assume schematics for the Citadel's dimensional drive. If he's gonna use it to blow the Curve, we do not wanna be here.
Rick: Yeah, and once those seeds wear off, you're gonna lose most of your motor skills, and you're also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours, Morty.
Rick: God, there's no pleasing you!
Rick: Relax, your story was supposed to be awful and stupid. I just failed to predict how well that would mesh with the theme. Think. Think. What kind of story would we never... Morty, do you know what the bechdel test is?
Jerry: I beg your pardon, Rick, INAPPROPRIATE. (points to Morty)
Rick 1: My God! I’ve seen this technology before. This Rick was being controlled remotely, puppeteered by somebody else! This is the Receiver.
President Morty: You probably don't remember.
Morty: Oh, Rick, something's not right.
Rick: *checks off “Stowaway” and “Annoying me”* Trust me Morty, I’ve heard stories from other Ricks. Jerrys don’t tend to last five minutes off of Earth. This is a totally unregistered cross-temporal asteroid. Here they can romp and play with other Jerrys. It couldn’t be safer.
GARAGE AI: Medical emergency detected.
Rick: Someone's always trying to kill us. That's what the decoys are for. They go on fun, self-contained terrestrial adventures, and– take bullets meant for us. Shit.
Jerry: Since we're fighting, if you ever have an affair with that guy, I will come to the hotel room and blow my brains out all over your naked bodies.
Summer: Is that a real question?
Worf Lady: Oh, oh my goodness! How did I get here? HELLO!?! How did I get here!?! Somebody help me, please!
Announcer (on TV): Breaking news-- Shrimply Pibbles is being held hostage by the human known as Jerry Smith.
Home Beth: Jesus, that ship really has sailed.
Rick: Where's the sex robot, Morty?
Rick: Son of a... *approaches Fart* Why were the Gromflomites holding you prisoner? What the fuck is so valuable about you?
Rick: Class dismissed.
Jerry: A bigger emergency than my lemon squares not setting? They're gluten free, sugar free, and lemon free!
Summer: Oh, God, dad. Please, don’t.
Morty: In my butt?
Summer: Humans understand snuffles now? That is awesome!
Morty: That was fantastic, Rick!
Morty: It's not 'Citizen Kane,' but why compete with whatever's going on here, you know?
Rick: And just to be sure, you're not pretending to be convinced you're real because you're actually convinced you're a clone and you're now terrified that becoming self-aware would mean I'd have to terminate you?
Morty: I lost the chance to be careful, Rick.
Summer: I can't believe portal travel's broken.
Rick: Honestly, I don’t care either way. I hate having you in me. And when I say 'honestly' you can believe it, because we both know I’m too healthy to lie. Watch.
Rick: Uh-huh. Yeah. No, no, to-totally.
Morty: I can’t find the net! Sh-should we just shoot him?
Summer: Grandpa Rick! Ugh!
Voice: Rick, is that you?
Announcer (on TV): Mrs. Sullivan always planned to leave everything to her cats. But sometimes, plans need a helping paw. What are the kitties to do, but buckle together and work as a team.
Rick: Sounds healthy.
Summer: Oh, my God. Oh, God. What are we going to do now?
Jerry: Where am I?
Morty: Rick, we’re taking him back where he belongs!
Rick: Morty, do the healthy thing and voluntarily retoxify yourself. (Rick grabs Morty as they both struggle.)
Jerry: Is that what I think it is?
Jerry: Wait, don't say that. I-I didn't murder!
Rick: Wait. That’s it. (Gets back up.) How could that detox machine know the difference between healthy and sick for everything that goes through it? It can’t. It must be by the individual’s own definition of toxicity. That means...
Meeseeks 3: Can you help me get two strokes off of Jerry's golf swing?
Jerry: Well. Nice. Real nice. Alien prisoners under the house. Real nice. Nice. Reeeal-
Morty: Huh?
Rick: Hey, I’ll take it over Mumford and Sons. Zip!
Jerry: You... would?
Dr Wong: It is now. This is crazy. You're being crazy.
Morty: I got to tell you, Rick. It’s pretty great to be in this spaceship, just the two of us, you know? Just cruising around, Rick and Morty style.
Rick: The memory of which Beth is real and which Beth is a clone, obviously.
Other Morty: Darn right bro! Roy rules!
Pissmaster: No! No, no, no, no no! Stop! Aah! (Jerry continues swinging the flamingo at him) Uncle! Mercy! Mercy! Stop! I give up!
President: Now I get to beat you.
Morty: That was amazing! *both take off their snorkels and flippers*
Jerry: Why not?
Rick: Wow, did you hear me bite that guy's head off? Geez, I really need to chill.
Rick: You know I record everything, right? Garage, isolate Summer's voice and play back.
Summer: Yes, yes.
Summer: Are we gonna go back?
Morty: No, Morty Jr, I'm being serious, okay? you need to put your energy into something else, I mean, what about dancing? Would you like to learn how to dance?
Rick: (to Morty) Reload, fast.
Beth: Jerry?
Summer: What the eff, Grandpa? Some creep tried to pee on my tits and you did nothing. Now you're gonna sit there and hold our dad back from being a hero? Are you seriously that petty?
Man #2: Okay, you can do the dinner one or the breakfast one, but not both.
Rick: What? (burps) That's dumb.
Morty: Hey, listen, you know, wh-If we’re all bored over here, wouldn’t the common denominator be you?
Gearhead: ♪ And the gears, they turned for a thousand years ♪ ♪ until the dark day that they stopped ♪
Morty: Uhhh, I’m not sure?
Jerry: Be ashamed of yourself, sweetie.
Writer: But you're Story Lord. You're great.
Rick: *startled* WHOA! Jesus, Jerry, what the hell are you doing here?!
Rick: Speaking of what, Morty, what should we watch next? What about this?
Toxic Rick: Ahh! (Gets up and walks towards Rick.) Just do it! Just do it, you piece of-
Rick: Then don't date my shrink
Morty: He almost killed you!
Rick: It's not a real train, it's a story device. Literally. A literal literary device Quite literally metaphorically containing us.
Rick crowd: No!
Jerry: So there was time to explain.
Story Lord: The hair is wrong.
- [RUMBLING] - MORTY: Maybe take a picture,
President: I've got an emergency, Rick. Another President mission? Y-You just killed the Loch Ness Monster for him.
Rick: No, no, seriously, this hurts really bad! This thing is sinking its razor-sharp claws in... Aah! Shit!
Simulation Beth: Who just sold the apples campaign?
Beth: Don't drag us into this.
Holly: Oh, yeah.
Rick: Erase the memory from your mind?
Aide: Sir! Pharrell, Newman, Corgan, and that Dream guy. They’re all dead.
Rick: Hey Morty, you just missed a preview for your Dad's 'Citizen Kane'.
Announcer (on TV): It's in theaters now! Coming this summer: Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit. And they ran as fast as they could, from giant cat monsters. And then a giant tornado came. And that's when things got knocked into 12th gear.
Rick: It's just that the battle for crows is kinda never-ending.
Summer: How do you know we're not decoys? Oh my god, we're decoys.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Rick: Oh, real mature!
Rick: Hey, listen, I’ve grown too. I have! See, I’ve- I’ve reconnected with my family, right?
Rick: Wait, wait, what the fuck?
Story Lord: Now one last time, what's my motivation?
Summer: Like the movie 'The Purge'?
Rick: Now who wants to watch random, crazy TV shows from different dimensions, a-a-and then who wants to narcissistically obsess about their alternate self?
Trunkperson (on TV): Hi, I'm a trunk person. And I want I-I feel love in my heart, too, just like you. I want to be able to express that love, with both a man and a woman. And I won't be able to if Denny and The Denny Singers get their way.
Summer: Give back the belt. You take the goggles. Go away. We trade in an hour.
Beth: Shut up, Jerry.
Rick: You know, if you're so great at naming things, why don't you do it from now on
Jessica: I don’t know. I think I'd like to be on my own for a bit. I mean, obviously if someone special comes along. B-But I mean really special, like, nothing I’ve even remotely considered in the past.
Business Man (on TV): Mrs. --Ooh, Sullivan-- ohh...
Summer: Yeah. Totally. Let's go.
Morty: All right, fine. I should have just listened to you when you refused to make the serum. I'm willing to accept my part of the blame for this, Rick. But I'll tell you something you know what? You got to accept your part of the blame! I'm not the one who fouled up the serum! I'm not the one who who who who haphazardly, you know, mixed a bunch of nonsense together and created a bunch of Cronenbergs! You got to fix this, Rick!
Business Man: Excuse me. Can I help you?
Rick D716-C: Anyway, so yeah, the suspect says the Citadel is a lie, built on lies, and some other shit. (Now sharing the screen with Rick D716 and Rick D716-B.) I say, appreciate the life you have, because it can always be worse. Back to you, Ricks.
Principal Vagina: The head has left and sent its children!
Birdperson: And as a result, he has the power to save or destroy entire worlds. And he is the reason you and I know each other. And the reason I’m alive at all.
News Reporter: Up next... Oh, actually nothing.I guess we're just gonna talkabout Jerry Smith some more.
Jerry: Okay, that's it!
Pickle Rick: Mm-hmm.
Rick: Negative visualization, Jerry. It explains a lot about where you're at. Hi, sweety.
Summer 1: What should we do Morty?
Morty: You take that back! give it to me! (pushes Morty Jr) Ugh! I-I-I didn't mean -- I didn't mean that, I didn't mean to do that, I'm sorry,
Morty: Um...
Rick: I don't know,
Jerry: I just need a few hundred dollars to get through the month. I have some interviews coming up. Something’s gonna come through. I can feel it.
Glockenspiel Morty: Also, y'know, depending on the varnish, might look like blackface.
Man: Trains rule!
Rick: Come on! What’s gotten into you? If you love Earth so much why don’t you marry it? What are you, crazy? Alright, alright, Morty.
Morty: It’s a bad phone. Chuck it. I downgraded to a clamshell for emergencies only. You know, if if if something’s worth saying, I-it’s worth eye contact.
Old Guy: Oh, I do some pretty bad stuff.
Toxic Rick: Not was, motherfucker, still is.
Rick: Man, this place is wayyy off the grid. This guy does not wanna be found.
Beth: Which we won't.
Brad: *Butts in, in front of Jessica* What are you doing?
Morty: Come on, quit it, Rick! Quit it!
Old Guy: I’m a nice guy... For now.
Rick: Seems like you understand fine, Morty. That was A+ re-piping. (Space Cruiser stops) We're here.
Meeseeks *: Well, that one over there roped me into this.
Rick: No. It's a one-person ride.
Rick: Oh, Morty, you done did it this time. It's on. I can't wait to watch your adventure lay a huge fart. As for you dingdongs... This is a Meeseeks box. Let me show you how it works. You press this.
Jerry: Ahhh! No!
Rick: And away we go!
Rick: (with air quotes) Hold still, 'Summer.'
Decoy Morty: Squids! Squids, of course, being shorthand for killer decoys!
BothAll Summers: What's happening Grampa?
Rick: Urrgh.
Mailman: My man!
Morty: W-w-w-what?
Rick: You're so mean today! I'm your dad, you like having me around!
Business Man: Hey, hey, hey! That's my stuff!
Morty: *still trying to start the car* Oh no no no!
Guy with cane: I'm sorry, are we just letting in all Hitlers now?
Rick: You're taking it.
Jerry: Mr. Marklevitz, do you have a minute to talk?
Man: It won’t be easy creating a new society from the ground up.
Toxic Rick: Relax, quit your bitching. Y-You’re gonna be fine. Grandpa’s here.
Morty: Oh, my God!
Ice-T: Magnesium-J, Hydrogen-F. Father.
Rick: Oh, geez! Oh, my god!
Morty: Yeah, Ball Fondlers.
Rick: Oh, hi, Jerry. Oh, my goodness, Morty! What are you doing out of class? We talked about this. Your-your parents and I are very disappointed in-in this behavior... No? No takers?
Morty: What is this place?
Rick: Off what?
Morty: Well, what about the squids? I mean, they started this, would killing them finish it?
Morty: I-I assume he's qualified to be one, who isn't? But he also lives on the moon!
Mr. Beauregard: Shall we, master Morty?
Agency Director: Jaguar was an animal. You're an intelligent pickle. We can do business.
Second Rick: Whoa.
Morty: Sure thing! And I was kinda hoping that I could get a selfie with you?
Beth: That’s not our business as long as Summer is thriving!
Jerry: Hey, wait, hold on a second, Rick. You wouldn't by any chance have some sort of crazy science thing you could whip up that might help make this dog a little smarter, would you?
Rick: Morty? I told you if you found me again, identify yourself.
Rick: What?
Morty: Summer put my jeans in a laser!
Morty: Aw, man, geez! Seriously?
Jesica: What's that, Morty?
Rick: It’s all fake *burps* Morty, all of it. Nanobotic renderings, a bunch of... crazy, fake nonsense, Morty. I couldn't say so until we got in the shower. They won't monitor us in here.
Mar-sha: From here, we dispense mechanical surrogates to maintain our population,
Rick: Bigfoot?
Summer: I'll say. I couldn't stand you for more than an hour at a time before.
Beth: You know, I think, the bottom line is, Jerry, if you want to keep your penis, you should say, out loud, 'I prefer to keep my penis.'
Second Rick: Freak.
Morty: Y-You’ve been clear on the fact that you don’t wanna help, so just go away!
Kyle: So he made a universe, and that guy is from that universe. And that guy made a universe. And that's the universe where I was born. Where my father died. Where I couldn't make time for his funeral because I was working on my universe.
Rick: Well, I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry. But life is made of little concessions.
Jerry: But I didn't know! I-I'm a good guy. I-I made you all famous!
Pissmaster: Just stay down. I-I don't even know you.
Beth: As a vet, I'm sure you know a deer is closer to a horse than you are to a doctor, so let's save the measuring for when our dicks are out, it's time to save a life!
Prince Nebulon: All right, everybody. Two parts Plutonic quarks... One part cesium.... A-and listen, I’m sorry for shouting earlier. I-I couldn't ask for a better staff. I love you guys, and I love all your families. *readies water bottle* And the final ingredient...
Jerry: *suddenly less forlorn* Right? Who needs that?
Doofus Rick: Ohoho! Y-of course I am! Just as much as my Morty’s a Morty!
Rick Council 1: Who else would you have us question? You fit the profile! Of all the Ricks in the Central Finite Curve, you’re the Malcontent! The rogue.
Morty: Aw, geez, dad. Y-you know, that's a lot to drop on a kid all at once.
Pickle Rick: I, um I'm sorry I lied to get out of the thing. I, I shouldn't lie to you.
Rick: All right, Ruffles What's his name?
Rick: You can do that?
Brett Caan: Oh it is, and it always have been, now.
Jerry: Because he loves her?
Rick: Improved?
Rick: *spying from outside* Interesting...
Jerry: No.
Gearhead: Oh, boy. I envy you. Okay, it was about 754 years ago...
Credits song: Hey, did you ever want to hold a terrifold? I got one right here Grab my terri-flap Squeeze it Grab it, squeeze it Tug on my terri-flap Hey, I want to take you to The terrifold dance Wanna come with me? You can grab my holdie-folds Squeeze ‘em tight You son of a bitch. Suck my holdie-flappy folds Lick my flappy foldie-holes My terri-flaps in your mouth Suck my flaps, you piece of shit. Whoo!
Rick: Well, you know, I do have a Fleeseeks box.
Summer: Mom! Dad!
Summer: Here’s yours! (puts hat on Jerry) Mom, do you mind if I cook dinner tonight?
Summer: Are you sure it doesn't make you re-evaluate your policy about taking girls on adventures?
Jerry: This better not be a bribe. If I find a single thing out of place in this house, my love of ice cream won't save you. I'll get my jacket.
Morty: *not amused* Are you done?
Brad: (outraged) *spits* Is this punk bothering you, Jessica?(shoves Morty)
Rick: Ugh. Look, save the empathy. It's more termite infestation than Blade Runner.
All Mortys: Raaaaugh!
Brett Caan: Help you. You've always trusted me.
Decoy Rick: Sounds extreme.
President Morty: You already know rogue Ricks used Morties to hide themselves from the Citadel. But you might not know it worked so well that the Citadel became its own Morty market.
Rick: Mm, there is no God, Summer. You gotta rip that band-aid off now. You'll thank me later.
Morty: Phew...
Rick: I'm pretty sure you have trillions of cellphones. No, come back! Let's talk! ♪ ♪ Thank God you had a crack team with you.
Jerry: Do you have any comment cards, because I might have some thoughts.
President: Stand down. Everybody stand down! I’m the leader of these people and I’m unarmed. There’s no need for any more snake-makery.
Summer: Oh, you could push me higher than all the other kids.
Morty: Uh, Hansel and Gretel?
Alien 2: Stop asking!
All Mortys: Rick, what the hell are you doing?
Morty: Sorry about all that. Rick has some really strange friends.
Rick: I don't know. Just making conversation with you, Morty. What do you think? I-I-I-I know everything about everything?
Morty: Who's the sixth?
Announcer (on TV): And there's the approach.
Rick: One way to find out.
All Summers: Okay, well we're still not gonna let you out of this crate.
Nathan: I’ve seen enough. These guys are one-hit wonders.
Toxic Rick: It worked! Haha! Yes! That idiot believed every word. Now let’s see how he enjoys living in that shit tank.
Morty: Ohhh. Okay, here we go. *Walks over to Jessica and her friends* (Nervously) H-Hey, Jessica, ughh.
Rick: Chicken coop? Those are procedurally generated clouds, Beth. That river is a rainbow. Literally. Come on, I-I-I put real elbow grease into this place.
Morty: We're not in a hurry. Dad sleeps until sundown. Can we talk a little bit more, about this Froopy...
Rick: I'm sorry, Morty. I know you're gonna say it's punching down, but I can't fight another one of these ' style goofball super villains. I'm not the fucking Tick. I'm-I'm-I'm exhausted.
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Oh, really, Morty? Well I'm sorry, I'm not the one that's so fucking uncertain about everything!
CAR AI: Figure out how to drive me together
Summer: Oh...
- I get it now. - MORTY: Summer, hurry!
Morty: Mr. President, if I’ve learned one thing today, it’s that sometimes, you have to not give a fuck!
Rick: Huh. Making himself a sandwich now..
Rick: Oh, I know what this is! You’ve been able to sustain world peace because you have one night a year where you all run around robbing and murdering each other without consequence.
Summer: Uh-huh!
Jerry: Uh...
Beth: We're moving you to a nursing home.
Rick: You think you’re better than me?
Glasses Morty: Did we miss graduation? Where are the new Ricks?
Morty: I love drums. I never took drum lessons. Why? Limitations. We are addicted to our own limitations. How amazing is that? Is the kale prepared in the kitchen? I’ll have a water.
Jerry: I’d like that.
Beth: Well, you're busy. I'm hungry. I thought I'd go out. Do you want me to be happy or do you want me to be in prison?
Summer: We forgot the tickets! Why in the kitchen?!
Jerry body: Why am I gay?
Morty: Yeah, I'm pretty jealous.
Morty: Ohhhh!
Rick: Can't you just sneak through the cave base? We turned a new leaf, Morty. We're back to simple adventures.
Swat Officer 1: Hunter?
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: I'm Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted!
Morty: They're not robots, Rick!
Rick: *snores*
Summer 2: What are you talking about?
Unity (Large suited man): where I was better able to focus on my passion for unification.
Jerry: What? No! He's my wife's father.
Toxic Morty: (Sad) So true.
Summer: (shouting) I'm gonna tell mom and dad about the gagoo you have locked up under the garage!
Morty: Oh, okay, was his name Lorenzo Music?
Agency Director: What is it?
Morty: Where are we going?
Morty: Rick, if you want to prove you're real, just do what any of the rest of us would do and -- and -- and open the blast shields and let us the hell out of here!
Summer: Whoa, dad, you can't, like, endow a creature with sentience and then rip it away.
Rick: Dumb name.
Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Rick: Y-You got to have a sense of humor about these things. Oh, wait, you can’t. You’re literally incapable of seeing the bigger picture. I guess it’s just funny because you’ve never done anything but complain about me being in charge, but if I ever gave you the wheel we’d be dead in five minutes.
Beth: He's messing with you, sweetie.
Unity (Administrator): Oh, it's cool! The part of me that's the cleaning lady is coming on Friday. Oh my god! I have a meeting at the galactic federation in an hour. Oh, I'll never make it! Ah, I'll push it to next week.
Space Beth: And never exploded?
- MORTY: Rick? Grandpa?
Summer: I don't feel safe.
Summer: Please?
Rick: Trust me, they're fine with it. Knock yourselves out just keep your requests simple. They're not gods.
Mr. Lunas: I look forward to helping guide you all towards a brighter future. I believe every student should... shoot for the moon.
Toxic Rick: Morty! (He walks up to Toxic Morty and forcefully grabs him and yanks Morty out and back onto his feet.)
Rick body: So that's where my paranoia went.
Mr. Goldenfold: Yeah, you know what?! Aw, too bad! Tough! First row, take one. Pass it back for me. The stakes are high in this room. There's crucial things happening here every day. People getting smarter. Some of y'all getting dumber. Some of y'all ain't gonna see 3
Rick: Great work Morty!
Jerry: Eh, Try not to worry about it, Morty. You're a good kid, and there's not a premium on that right now, but you'll be getting girls sometime after Brad's out of shape.
Rick: Are you kidding me? This again? Oh, man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here, Morty.
Mr. Always Wants To Be Hunted: Somebody hunt me!
Second Morty: Rick, did you make decoys here, too?
Daycare Beth: Jerry!
Beth: Let go of me, Davin!
President Morty: 'Evil Rick!' I love it. Smartest man in the universe. With an ego so big, you could just grab it like a joystick.
Rick: You brought Morty?
Jerry: Why was he in that cryopod?
Rick: A sequel.
Rick: Oh, my God.
Rick: Same. Okay. I'm gonna go get drunk.
Scarecrow Rick: Yes, recoil at the craftsmanship. I could tell I was a fake from the day I was born. Unlike you. Unlike them.
Rick D716: Coming up! Gravity outages in East Sanchez Heights!
Second Rick: We rush them on three. Ready?
All Ricks: Only in self defense, myself tried to kill me first! Guys, I don't expect you to understand this, but time breaking twice means our problem is two times bigger and we've got half as much time to solve it. Well actually, I do expect you to understand that, it's basic math. C-could someone just let me out of here? If I die in a cage I lose a bet.
Toxic Rick: All right, fuck this. Time for plan B If I can’t trap you in a toxic world, (Climbs up to the ship, grabs Morty and throws him out.)
Jerry: Summer. Kiara and I met on that interstellar dating service Rick was always suggesting when your mom and I were together. And things just kind of clicked.
Mr. Poopybutthole: But then I guess I stopped.
Morty: Aw, man. I really liked this life. Well, at least I didn't really crap my pants.
Rick: I was almost tempted to let it go. That's how much I hate it here.
Rick: Morty, if you go to where there’s a bunch of ice cream and then you don’t come back, you haven’t actually gotten ice cream, you’ve just gone where ice cream is.
Wong: Yes I recognise you
Summer: Take care of yourself, Unity.
Rick: Everyone in the car.
Jerry: So... You're a Titanic fanatic?
Shonda: This President has been in office for how many alien invasions? Not to mention the mutant turkeys, the abandoned White House orbiting our planet, the eco-conscious dinosaurs. Then he sees Virginia with its perfect economy and synchronized lawn mowing, so he shoots them and puts them in a dome? Classic Curtis.
Morty: (Also on the phone.) Duane, Duane, Duane, I get it, now can you get me? Have I ever lied to you? (Grabs an apple on his desk.) That’s right, and ask around, I never do, Duane.
Lighthouse Keeper: I’ll let you use my lighthouse for shelter and beacon-sending on the condition that you listen to my tale.
Dr. Wong: Good. Summer, you go.
???: Step the hell back! Back!
Evil Morty: Where’d you get that?
Rick: Yes, Morty, come on, you're doing it!
Morty: What?
Rick: Ahhhh, shit!
Nicky: It's me, Cousin Nicky. I'm walkin' here! I mean, I'm not. I'm crouched in the elevator shaft, but hey, I'm walkin' here! ( laughter )
Rick: (Get's up.) Morty, great news. I went back to the spa and they let me purchase the containment unit from their detoxifier.
Squanchy: Hey, Rick, squanchy party, bro!
Woman: (screams) Help!
Beth: Oh, come on. You look great! You're only young once. Just promise, if the results are too strong, you'll use protection.
Rick: Cool beam. But let's bargain. I'm the one you really want.
Hunter: My gun.
Dr. Wong: Does Grandpa turn himself into a pickle a lot?
Rick: That’ll keep ‘em busy for a while.
Rick: (continues sighing) Fuck.
Second Beth: Yeah.
Squanchy: Hey, squanchers! The party's squanching on at my place!
Summer: A man is dead, Dad.
Announcer: Eyeholes! Get them today! IKEA.
Rick: (Walks up to Morty and bends down near him) Morty, I appreciate what you’re trying to do, but it’s not our place, you know, to pick and choose which world gets saved from what apocalypse. Our our toxins have as much a right to their worldview as-
Rick: Yeah, yeah, yeah, your medal’s in the mail. I'm gonna get a closer look.
Bodyguard Rick 2: We hardly call it a blowout, it was almost close enough to trigger a recount.
Jerry: Oh!
Meeseeks 4: Hi!
Rick: Oh. Okay, well, I told Morty, 'Look, parents get divorced. They get sad. He'll be fine,' but I think he's worried you're gonna, you know...Pbht! And you know how Morty gets when he gets emotional. It impedes my work. So, I told him I'd take you out and give you a win.
Summer: Dad?! Are you okay?
Meeseeks: When we kill him!
Mortytown Loco: Hey Rick, man, when there’s a Morty president, you gonna lick my balls or what?
Female alien: Can you help us? Our planet was taken over by some kind of entity! It absorbed the minds of our people!
Beth: Oh my god!
Lighthouse Keeper: Aah!
Rick: You're right. It shows a lack of faith in their core concept. I'd much rather watch When Wolf go to the 20's and invest in the stock market, but then eat people.
Rick: There's no time to explain, Jerry. Counting on you, Summer! One-way blind-hop beacon protocol. (raises arms in excitement) Here we gooooo!
Jerry: Yeah, yeah. I got it.
Home Beth: You've made that clear. Just don't let Summer mistake your rejection of her for good taste.
Summer: Yep. (Shoots Tinkles, parasite screeches ) ( all gasp, Summer shoots ) ( more screeching ) (Morty shouts)
Big Morty: The cop, morons.
Evil Morty: Alright, you two punks stay here.
Morty: Oh hell yes!
Summer: It's probably just a smudge on the lens.
Lucy: It's so romantic.
Rick: Aren't you guys supposed to be at your father's for custody weekend?
Rick: Hey, isn't Gazorpazorp where-where uh, where those Sex robots came from, remember? That whole thing?
TOGETHER: Nut me up! Nut me up!
Rick: (Makes Morty let go) Whoa, whoa, whoa. Morty, Morty, I-I can't go with you. I got to hang back and make sure everything stays cool here, you know? I mean, who knows what -- what if somebody breaks something?
Rick: Well, this'll sound weird, but I think I have a pitch for that.
Jerry: Hi, I’m sorry, I think there was a misunderstanding. I’m an adult and would like to go home, please.
Farmer Rick: Sic 'em, boy! *his robot dog gives chase; the four Mortys tumble down into a river* I don't wear this dangnap hat and commit to this rural character so you can eat for free while you come of age!
Morty: I hate you, and I was thinking about your friend Grace!
Jerry: But--
Mrs. Refrigerator: That don't make no sense!
Rick: That kid is a real piece of shit.
Jerry Prime: We spent a long time in that ice. A gentle mutant licked us out, but Beth got sick and Summer... didn't thaw right.
Summer: Ugh!
Rick: Your boobs are all hanging about, and you ruined ice cream with your boobs out. And don't even try to deny it, either.
Beth: Yeah...
Rick: Hey, uh, let me ask you something.
Spokesman (on TV): Paid for by... Trunk People.
Morty 1: And you did it so you could clean the house after a party.
Rick: What is that?
Summer: Equals?! We make 70% of your salary for the same job!
Machine: You are fucking kidding me.
Testicle Monster A: You really think I'm that stupid?
Rick: Morty, how was it?
President: Never.
Morty: Oh!
Beth: (Holding a suit in a dry cleaning bag) Your language has 'squanch,' in it a lot. Doesn't that become tedious and worn out like the Smurf thing?
Morty: Come on, man. The guy got elected president. By Ricks and Morties. He's being really nice.
Campaign Manager Morty: He... won?
Morty: Uh, sure, yeah. (Takes the trash and puts it in the garbage bag) Thanks. (Continues to pick up trash)
Jerry: You hate me for buying those coins!
Jerry: Ahh, uh-- Summer's turn!
Morty: Holy shit! Holy shit! We have a moron over here! I’m an idiot. I can’t believe I haven’t thought of this. You have to do this detox thing I did. It’s an alien spa, you go through it, fwoos-s-s-ssh, lasers, bwaa-bwaa-bwaa, wheeew wheeew! Sucks everything out. Everything that was holding me back, everything bad, I mean, it just sluuuurp! Hahaha! Right?
Rick: Beth, you know, when....When smart people get happy, they stop recognizing themselves. And you are very smart because you're very much my daughter.
Rick: Yeah, well, since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything?
Mrs. Refrigerator: In your face!
All: Remember the barbecue. Remember the barbecue. Remember the barbecue.
Stu: Uh, sir, we have a situation over here.
Simulation Beth: (at Simulation Smith house) *answers phone* Hello.
Rick: (Gets up, ready to fight with his fists up.) All right, you asked for it.
Decoy Rick: Think you got the wrong house, bro.
Rick: Time to go another dream deep, Morty!
Jerry: Okay, look, we shouldn't need evidence or logic to know who's family and who isn't. I know who the Smiths are. I've known Beth since high school. And her husband, Sleepy Gary, is hands down my absolute best friend.
Morty: What the What the hell, Rick?
Summer: Unless we're decoys. He's starting to wonder! I knew it. I knew we didn't seem like Colorado people.
Story Lord: Thank you! Looks like Story Lord's story is about to become based on real events.
Morty: You know, Rick, this isn't easy for us. You know, w-we all remember you as a friend.
Teacher Rick: I don't know, and I don't have to know. I've been fired. *takes out a flask, unscrews top and walks off* Good luck, turds.
Morty: Oh, man, what?!
Rick: Huntin' a vampire with my grandkids! (bleep]! Tiny ri-I-ck!
Rick: Come on, I got a surprise for you. Come on, hurry up.
Morty: What, Rick? What’s going on?
Rick: Uh, I-I-I traced the source of the call back to the spa we went to, Morty. I thought I could hear a voice in there, so I enhanced it, a-and listen.
Rick: Might?
Albert Einstein: I vill mess vith time!
Rick: Wait a minute, I thought you died gruesomely. W-What the hell's going on here?
Rick: Is our wallet in your ship? That's where the transporter is, too, so why don't we come with?
Rick: No, no, no. If he took that, he'd end up a hero.
Rick: A new scent I picked up after you left I call it 'Separation'
Summer: You have dropped so many balls, man. Do you ever get scared Grampa Rick might make me his new sidekick?
Beth: Dad!
Rick Prime: Yeah, this one hurts me, too.
Risotto: My name is Risotto Groupon. I am the assistant general manager of the restaurant.
Rick: Oh, boy. He looks pretty bad down there, Morty. Looks like he's bleeding out.
Summer: What the hell?
Summer: Morty, do it!
Both: Oh, Summer!
President Morty: And I hate ‘em every day for it. But wow, Rick C-137. Now that's a guy to move your schedule around for. Not-not here to blow the place up again, I hope. Haha.
Beta-7: Hrmm...
Summer: Oh, my god, oh, my god, oh, my god, Mr. Poopybutthole.
Pissmaster: Well, this is it. I'm killing myself, because of Jerry Smith. The Earth man. FlamingoDad. Seeing them all cheer as I got my ass whipped made me realize... people just wanna see me fail. All I've ever wanted to do is prove them wrong.
Second Rick: A simulated one, yes.
Rick: Shh, shh, shush, Morty. This is how we go. Bear it with grace. (addressing cybernetics) Spinal cord, Robitussin as a base, then surprise me. (groans)
Taddi Mason (on TV): Call me, Taddi Mason. It's only $1.99 a minute to talk.
Second Summer: I can't deal with this. I had to kill myself. You have too, to.
Alien Doctor: I understand your feelings, Mrs. Smith.
Rick: Whatever, quote-unquote “Morty.”
Rick: Never thought this was how I'd die. ( Slurps ) We're nowhere near Venice, and you're not a dwarf in a raincoat. ( Powering up )
Principal Vagina: Beth, we’d like to promote you from horse surgeon, straight past human surgeon, to “Head” of Medicine.
Police Chief (on TV): Baby Legs, you're a good detective... but not good enough, because of your baby legs. So I'm partnering you up with Regular Legs.
Beth: Morty, do you realize how ridiculous that sounds? Rick: Yeah, pretty crazy story, Morty. Morty: Are you serious?! Half the crap we've seen, and you think that sounds crazy?! Rick: I've been to 300 versions of Earth's moon, including this one, and I've never seen signs of a 'regular dude,' as you describe him, hanging out up there. Summer: It's probably just a smudge on the lens. Morty: Smudge on the lens?! SMUDGE ON THE LENS?!! I know the difference between a man threatening me and a smudge on the goddamn lens, Summer!! Beth: Morty, calm down! Are you feeling okay? Morty: I'M FINE!! Beth: So sensitive.
Rick: Ugh, guess this is how it ends. I thought I was better than this. Dramatic voiceover while stranded in space? I-I guess when you're dying, the first thing to go is your creativity. Citadel's gone, and-and the saucer we escaped in is out of power.
Rick: Why does he have to go over there?
Summer: He's saying 'I love Obama'. So cute! I'm posting this online, like, right now.
Morty: We all have bad impulses, bad thoughts,
Rick: Smash cut!
Morty: Just do it already.
Reporter Rick: Morty! What’s your original reality and where’s your Rick?
Summer: Dad, grandpa and Morty are in danger. You’re unemployed, and you’re bored. They’re a higher priority.
Another Jerry: The factory tint setting is always too high!
Rick: Ugh. From where I sit, Morty, that's the best deal on the table. I-I don't have a real plan.
Rick: And now you're running it squeaky clean, right? That's why you got deformed Morties comin' up through the sewer lines talking about 'hope' and 'change'?
Jerry: (In his head)(Progressively angrier) *Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin*
Gromflomite: Get out of the vehicle made of garbage or we will open fire!
Retired General Rick: Oh, shocker. *farts*
Summer: Grandpa!
Jerry: I don't think 'crazy' is a responsible word to use in...
Wong: Rick are you in a relationship with the population of Virginia
Arthricia: Your vehicle... is it from the gods?
Morty: So, why are they doing this? W-what do they want?
Morty: Cheers to that, motherfuckers!
Home Beth & Space Beth: Morty!
Morty: You made clones of us?
Rick: So what? After all this, you don't want to know the truth? The truth is we have more important shit to do like raise our kids and stamp out the Federation, neither of which seem like they want anything to do with you. ( Both laughing )
???: You start teeing up a Rick Sanchez vignette, and you'll be doing it through two holes.
Brad: (grabs Morty's right arm)(infected) BACK OFF I'M TRYING TO BE WITH MY MAN!
Army General: ...six...
Rick: I don't want to hear it, Summer!
- Rick: Still think it's a good idea to go through holes without a wiener?
Space Beth: No, boundaries are good. But, uh, speaking of, maybe I've put up too many. Is it okay if I come around sometimes?
Morty: Ow! Oh! Oh, crap!
[Trans. to Earth: Jerry and Beth are looking down the hatch, which is open]
Meeseeks 3: No, Jerry, I'm the one who SUCKS! Let me try something.
Rick: I know, you’re a visual learner, so follow me.
Morty: Oh, geez.
Rick: So you're jacked. Who cares? (rips off his clothes to reveal he's jacked as well)
All Ricks: Hey Rick, it's Rick. Listen, I'm sorry about earlier. No hard feelings. I know you know I mean it too. Take it easy. Whoa. Damn, look at this, I'm blown up. Three new voicemails. *voicemail repeats* Yeah yeah, I heard this one. *voicemail repeats two more times* You get the idea *belch* we're cool now.
Jerry: Okay. Hey, we agreed. Never in the house.
Announcer: Spiraling perfectly, it’s gonna be caught by Roy Parsons! Roy Parsons is at the 20! (Roy makes eye contact with a girl in the stands.) Now he’s at the 10! Nothing can stop Roy the Rocket! Touchdown!
Jerry: So, what, It'd be better if the people were corn?
Rick 4: I got it! The call’s coming from... inside the house!
Morty: Wow, Rick. I feel a lot better having seen all that.
President: Ok, things are getting out of hand. I better make sure Rick has everything he needs to “get schwifty.”
Summer: Alright, pin dropped, Grandpa!
Beth: Everyone thinks about it. Obviously, I'm the version of me that didn't do it. So you're welcome.
Toxic Rick: That’s right, motherfucker! You’re going in that fucki-
Morty: No!
Alien #3: Next.
Pissmaster: (sobbing) For what?
Morty 1: Am I me? I think so.
Rick: I was expressing disapproval of your dialogue!
Diane: Yeah. Remember, if you thought you could see or touch me, it might give you a level of (distorted) com-com-comfort.
Morty: Uhh, where?
Joseph Campbell: Rick can't change Morty. Change is what you might call his Kryptonite, except instead of being super, he's you know. Kind of a pussy.
Rick: No it doesn't. It hurts.
Space Beth: Why is she... it... why am I back with Jerry? I thought she was a copy of me.
Joseph Campbell: Well I feel bad. I kinda pressured you into trying-
Rick: God damm it! (takes out the brain scanner) Here's my fucking downloaded brain, Morty. You wanna jump the shark? You wanna know my stupid crybaby backstory? Knock yourself out.
President: It was Rick and Morty, you f*cking dunce!
Jerry: Wait, don't leave me!
Morty: Uh, what's that?
BOTH: Morty. Summer. Daughterwife. You are safe now.
Morty: Wait, what?
Summer: Yeah, Morty's an easy mark, but Rick pays me in things like ...
President: We think the people of Virginia have become some kind of hippy sеx cult.
Previous Leon: Me! I never left! But you had to think all this had happened to make that.
Abradolph Lincoler: Please, stop!
Writer: You wanna know happened? Like specifically? Well the Ricks wanted to do a Canterbury-tales type of thing, but none of them fucking read Canterbury-tales, so then they told me to make it like a poker game episode of the Batman cartoon, where the bad guys tell stories about Batman. Then they tell me it needed something. Yeah, no shit it needed something. I needed to ever be pitched. I did my job. Goomby, the Ice Queen, the Tickets Please Guy. They just bailed on it. The website didn't even fucking work. There was a shitty URL to begin with. Story-dash-train? Who uses a dash? They set me up to fail. They fucked me. They fucked me, and you're lucky I didn't blow their brains out.
Rick J-22: Rick. And I'm--
Jerry: Holy crap!
Zeep: No, no, no, they work for each other in exchange for money, which they then--
Toxic Rick: Toxins. We’re not in Hell, Morty. (Looks around) We’re in the detoxifier. The machine didn’t blow up. It worked normally. (Wipes goo off of his arm) It removed our toxins. (He grabs Toxic Morty's face.) We’re the toxins.
Morty: Y-you can’t leave us here. You’re killing us! You hear me? Come back. Y-you got to come back. Change your mind. Oh, geez.
Rick J-22: Where are we going?
Cop Rick: Well, I’m glad to know there’s more like me.
Jerry: You were so small and cute. I thought you were gonna fly right off into the street.
Testicle Monster A: Yeah, well I don't know where you expect me to think you got that crystal over there, but the only way you dumb ass, assin' ass asses could ever have one, is if it was stolen.
Summer: Bor-ing.
Space Beth: I'm not trying to. It's all her!
Rick: Just a second, Morty. Oh, look at that sunset.
Beth: No, but I can resist making more of them in a lab.
Morty Jr: Damnation!
Rick: Oh, for fuck’s sake.
Morty: Aw, geez, Rick! If my mom's the one who's saying it, then you know it's pretty serious this time.
Summer: Oh, he might have said to take it outside.
Rick: I'm out. I'm-I'm out.
Morty: Morty Jr! Smoking?! that is not okay!
Morty: Oh, my God. They're walking up the driveway.
Morty: Oh, man, how many people did you invite, Rick?
MORTY: Garage! Garage! Help us! Hold him down!
Morty: I'm sick of having adventures with Rick.
Jerry: She’s allowed to think it’s God if she wants, honey!
Arthricia: I was going to use your ship to destroy the rich assholes that run our society and save my people from the horrors of this yearly festival.
Testicle Monster A: (On phone) Uh-huh, no motha- no, Earth, dude, I'm talking 'bout, yeah, with the dinosaurs. No, if you've get to the dolphin people, you've gone too far. Alright man, I'll talk to you later, okay. (hangs up) You know what they do with 3rd dimensional life forms in time prison? Same thing they do in every other prison, only forever.
Morty: All right. Well, um, I’m not a huge fan, personally, of the whole 'three weeks earlier' teaser thing. I feel like, you know, we should start our stories where they begin not start them where they get interest...
Jerry: Are you ready to be nice to me?
Jerry: Oh, God. I knew it. Ugh, this floor isn't level.
Morty: That's not the point, Dad! We love Rick! F-For the most part.
Beth: Welp, those horses won't sew themselves up, but good to have you both back. Yeah. Whatever.
Wong: Thank you, Andre.
Jerry: (V.O.) She's gonna be alone with that guy all night.
Morty: The fuck? (drops the game and runs over to read the note on the sofa)
Rick: ‘Course not, Morty! How could that profit me? Someone out there is killing Ricks, and the council ain’t gonna stop thinking it’s me until we clear our names.
Rick: I don’t know, Morty! Maybe I hate myself, maybe I think I deserve to die! I-I-I-I don’t I don’t know!
TOGETHER: Hoo-rah!
Rick and Morty: WhooooOOOOAHHHH!!!!
BothAll Mortys: Wait, who said that?
Morty: God, tell me about it.
Morty: Like we’re not already under enough pressure! (Morty flips a bowl of peanuts at the aide and it hits him in the head. The aide leaves.)
Rick: Jerry, please think about this. If you fight this guy, I'm either an asshole for not helping, or an asshole for helping.
Other Rick: Uh, that’s a Blips and Chitz ticket.
Summer: Grandpa, we need to go home! Now!
Rick: Yes, Jerry, it’s Taddy, a person no one’s ever heard of until now, calling you on a space phone.
Home Beth: Hi, hon.
Morty: Why can't we find the engine?
Jerry: What?!
Beth: What's wrong?
Toxic Rick: I love you. Good boy. Daddy’s little boy.
Fart: I like this name, ‘Fart.’ Morty, would you kindly release me by pulling that lever to the left of my cell? I am in great pain.
Rick: It means relax and stop being a pussy, Morty. I thought you learned that by now. It also means don't touch your parents or we could shatter into countless theoretical shards.
Morty 2: It was the Mortytown Locos, man! The Mortytown Locos!
Summer: Grandpa?
Rick Council 1: Earth Rick C-137! The Council of Ricks sentences you to The Machine of Unspeakable Doom, which swaps your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you know becomes impossible to grasp! Also, every ten seconds it stabs your balls.
President: All right, all right. Thank you, Mr. Sanchez. Change of plan, people. Get me Pharrell, Randy Newman, Billy Corgan, and The-Dream. (no one responds) The-Dream? He wrote “Umbrella” and “Single Ladies”? You people haven’t heard of The-Dream?
Rick: Jerry, being shuffled with me was probably the best part of your sad existence. A brush with greatness.
Garment District Rick: We were saying, *air-quotes* 'President Morty,' that we don't care who sits in that seat. A Rick, a Morty, a goddam Jerry, doesn't matter. We've been running the Citadel since before the Council, and you'll find that we're still running it now. *President Morty turns over holding a mirror*
Morty: Okay.
Together: ♪ Sir Mortaniel, face so bright ♪
Scary Terry: I always hated that song!
Morty: Oh, boy, Rick. I can only imagine what horrible things must, you know scare Scary Terry.
Rick: Look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, Morty. Here, here take these, Morty. Take these.
Summer: Come and get us.
Summer: Yeah. Me too. I should stay.
Lizard Morty: I guess I wish I had something cooler than this dumbass surfer necklace. *throws necklace into portal; Glasses takes out a candy bar*
Rick 2: Hand me the laser defibrillator.
Rick: The citadel of Rick's story train Comes with car after car of enemies, lovers, and goomby, all grappling with the nature of who you truly are. Rick is a God! Tickets please. Whoa! Watch out! It's story lord! Damn. He's jacked. Deep voice: Pure cum gutter. Rick: And of course, what story would be complete without the engineer of the greatest story ever told. Oh, Jesus Christ. Jesus: I have come not to judge The world, but to save it. Rick: And the best part is, the fun never ends. Thanks to the Rick-patented anthology generator, You'll never run out of new stories And people to tell them. Are they alive? Of course. But not in any ways that matter. Deep voice: They. Have. No. Souls. Puppets. Of. Fate. Rick: The story train. Available now. In the citadel of Ricks Buy it ironically. Buy it sincerely. Just buy it. Not buying it is an act of buying it. Buy it now. Look it up. It's real. Www.Story-train.Com. On the Internet. It's there. Buy it. Buy the train. We want you to buy the train.
Slick: Me, too. But I doubt it. *throws himself into the portal; Glasses and Lizard scream in shock*
Beth: Jerry, get a job.
Morty (Crononberg): Hey, what do you know? It’s a cowboy version of me!
Glasses Morty: Maybe... Maybe he went somewhere nice.
Man: Hey, excuse me, hello?
Rick: Hey, what's wrong Morty? Oh, you're worried about your dad, huh?
Rick: Uh, from selfies?
Phoenix Person: It is now PP. Where is Tammy?
Tammy: That's your defense?
Previous Leon: It's a trick. He wants you prisoner.
Jerry: Okay, I've got an idea, Rick: you show us your concept of 'good TV', and we'll crap all over that.
Meeseeks: Aww, come on, Jerry, we've been over this. You know you got to do both! This is as frustrating for us as it is for you.
Beth: You cosplay as your shitty father in his 30s.
Rick: Yes, nine people. I can show you. But I wouldn't recommend...
Blagnar the Eternal: (sighs) This family, man. Look, I don't know what kinda weird shit you two are pulling, but it's completely unstickworthy. We're done here.
Principal Vagina: The fact is, your son, Morty, has attended this school for a total of seven hours over the last two months.
Dracula: If I suck your blood, I'll be invincible I think.
Rick 5126: I'll build a fucking swing set in the backyard!
Rick (C-137): As you know, Morty, I’ve got a lotta enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat. Galactic terrorists, a few sub-galactic dictators, most of the entire intergalactic government: wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses someone wants a piece of your grandpa. And a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem. So a few thousand versions of me had the INGENIOUS IDEA OF BANDING TOGETHER like a herd of cattle or a school of fish or those people who answer questions on Yahoo! Answers.
Season 2 Jerry/Jerry C-131: Ugh, you're back.
Beth: Morty, we have to get going, or we're gonna be late. Where's your grandpa?
Beth: What's the matter with you!? Don't be a piece of shit, Jerry!
Rick 2: You see that? Get down!
Father Bob: People! Everyone! Remain calm! Every crisis of faith is an opportunity for more faith! When God deals you an 11, you don’t fold! You double down, and always hit on a soft 16. That means you, Jews.
Rick: You'll be fine. Ship, keep Summer safe.
Tag Man: Yeah, I'm Tag Man. I-I-I live in the tag. I-I-I am the tag. I'm Tag Man. Tag-tag of the episode man. (defeats a bunch of people) Did you get any of that? (throws someone, he explodes on the wall) Yeah, when the episode's over, look out because (kicks someone, and they go flying) Yeah, here comes Tag Man, and I go crazy. Tag Man yeah. (Police start walking up to him) I'Imma tag your ass. Tag that ass. (Punches a cop, he explodes leaving blood everywhere) Tag Ass Man. I'm that Ass Man now. (punches more cops, leaving only blood) I'm Tag Man. Here's what you get. Here's your tag. You want some more? You want some more tag, you sick pieces of shit? Cause I'm Tag Man. (Army men run up to him. He punches all of them) I miss my wife. Too bad. This is it. Tag Man yeah.
Lighthouse Keeper: Seems a little insincere.
Rick: Morty! Get me out of this! Come on!
Stacy: Then I’d like to stay.
Morty: Oh, my God, what have I done?! What have I done..?!
Rick: God damn it. Fuck, shit, come on, man. Fuck, come on, where is it? (heals him back up) Shit, shit. Ugh! fuck! (puts a machine on his forehead. Rick tries to revive him back to life) Come on, Pissmaster, come on.
Holo-Rick: Aah, wasps!
Rick Prime: Merging dimensions to consolidate my decoys, huh? Kind of– first-thought, but the– craftsmanship, pretty impressive. For a lesser Rick.
Frankenstein: I guess I take back what I said about British cuisine. ( laughter )
Cold Stone Employee: You'd better get moving, these lights are designed for basic ice cream work, they're not gonna last all night.
Beth: Proud of you, Dad, or should I say: Pissmaster.
Summer: Why am I always your go-to?
Rick: As for the reason you've never, like, arrested us, we assumed you just knew that it was impossible, like, if you tried. You know, it wouldn't go well.
Snuffles: We are not them! We are not them.
Man: Although only a handful of moon towers remain today, they were popular in the late 19th century. An entire town could be illuminated by... (He sees the containment unit.) What the hell is this? (Out of curiosity, he presses a button, releasing toxin gas, and slimey Stacy. The man backs away, and accidentally falls off the tower, screaming all the way down.)
Beth: Can he have visitors?
Morty: That's it, Rick! I'm pulling the lever.
Rick: It's all over, Jerry. The dogs are on a path to total world domination. But, hey, at least they know not to piss on your carpet, right?
Rick: How is knocking out a deterrent? Everyone wants to be knocked out. Nobody wants to be dead.
Rick: Hey, Toby. I'm tiny Rick. I'm new.
Rick: It's funny. I always wondered who would win if we ever fought.
Morty: I can't believe she's here.
Morty: Dad, do you understand how serious Krootabulon soul-bonding is?
RICKBODY: Wait, w-what? Aren't you describing kidnapping?
Rick: What did you say to me?!
Jerry: Well, you're gonna make it work.
Rick: Because I got --
Bath: That piece of shit.
Jerry: You got to hide me, Sleepy Gary.
Alternate Morty: Hey, don't shove me!
Morty: You know, one time, Rick sh-- accidentally shot his laser pistol right through my hand. You know, I mean, like, old-lady science, you know? She's a real-- You got to hang on tight, you know? Because she-- she'll-- She bucks pretty hard. Ooh, boy, what-- Oh, my God, no!
Morty: Jessica, can I show you something?
Evil Rick: Do your worst you little bastards! Kill me! Do it! Do it!
Meeseeks *: Well, he roped me into this!
Rick: Morty, hurry!
New Yorker (on TV): Hey, let the trunk people have sex and get married, huh?
Morty: Do we have to do this?
Beth: But we're not decoys!
Jerry: *Scoffs* it's a big deal he has a friend.
Beth: Where's the helicopter?
Rick Prime: I shoot the first monitor, too. Listen, I'm not here. Or am I?
Morty: I-I-I think I feel like myself again!
Summer: I told you!
BothAll Summers: Wait, what am I saying?
Morty: This is where we’re going?
Rick: In my defense Morty, I think you have to agree, my hate was justified. (moans)
Morty: How do you like this?
Suspender Guy (on TV): The act that says that gay uh trunk people can get married. Who needs it?
Both: Morty the Molten!
Jerry: Uh, I have... I have to pee.
Snuffles: You can call me snuffles, Morty, and I'm going to miss you, too, very much.
Evil Morty: He’s a weird guy.
- Summer: I want to go home.
Wong: Rick... it's me. I was released from Unity.
Rick: Am I good or what?
Decoy Jerry: What about the squids?
Summer: (interrupting) Uh, what? It was your job, Morty. (Summer pokes Morty.)
Rick: Totes malotes, dawg.
Rick: Cause the charge acts as a narrative decelerate. Morty, none of this is real. We're in a 'previously on' spiral. Clear your head.
Glockenspiel Beth: We are decoys. Brought into the world by an unloving god, and drive to destroy ourselves by the uncertainty he creates!
Morty: There's a Morty president now. (gestures to a 'Salute President Morty' poster above a cafe.)
Rick: I'll be okay. Bye, Morty.
Rick: Whoa whoa whoa, *grabs Morty’s shoulder, stopping him* come on, Morty! D-D-Don’t be like that! The universe is a crazy and chaotic place!
Jerry: Why are we wearing these?
Ghost in a Jar: Boo rah!
Toxic Morty: E-Everything hurts!
Arthricia: Please! Leave me alone!
Arthricia: Back the fuck up!
Morty: Wow! A whole world populated by intelligent dogs. I wonder what it'll be like, Rick.
Summer: Oh, shit. (The space monsters start heading toward them) Domestic Mom should hide, maybe?
Rick: Yes, Summer, vampires are real. Who knew? Oh, right, all humanity, for hundreds of years, now.
Beth: Why, Jerry?
Deformed Morty: Listen to me!
Dr. Wong: You're good?
Gearhead: But these gears just started turnin'.
Blagnar the Eternal: The orb is raw power. Trust your heart, Jerry. It will know what to do.
Jerry: Um... Is this... Do I pay?
Rick: Basically just a hard reset on the fluid. Hold tight, the Earth's gonna shake a bit.
Beth: Remember a little while ago when you said that, if I wanted, I could, like, leave Earth and wander the infinite cosmos to figure out who I am and that nobody would ever know I'd left because you could replace me with a clone?
Second Rick: Shit.
Decoy Summer: There were no squids!
Morty: Don't do it.
Summer: Shut up Morty, you vindictive little turd!
Jerry: (to Home Beth) You know, never thought I'd say this, but I think I'm glad we spent that time divorced.
Announcer (on TV): This fall, sparks will fly!
BothAll Mortys: Oh, my God!
Principal Vagina: Hello? Mrs. Smith? This is Principal Vagina, no relation. I wonder if you and Morty's father might be able to have a chat with me this afternoon?
Both Ricks: We “isn't”.
Gearhead: No, not twigs!
Morty: 'The increment in the internal energy of a system is equal to the increment of heat supplied to the system.' Wow! I'm so smart!
Rick: Okay, Wendy's. We love Wendy's. I-I think they even gave us some money.
Doofus Rick: Okay, if we add a little more titanium nitrate, and just a tad of chlorified tartrate: ovenless brownies!
Jerry: Alright! That's enough. You guys are talking about my species! We understand genocide, we do it sometimes!
Morty: Just trust Previous Leon. Can you previously us a way home?
Business Man: That's it. I'm calling security.
Morty: Ooh, Ohh, Ooh. Wow, Rick. That stuff just healed my broken legs instantly. I mean, I've never felt so good in my life. Thank you.
Toxic Rick: Did I ask for this? (Kicks Rick in the crotch. Rick groans in pain, grabbing his crotch.) Did I ask for this? (Grabs Rick's shoulders and repeatedly knees him in the crotch.) Huh? Did I?
Rick (C-137): Hey, what do me and O.J. not have in common?
Morty: You got that right, Rick.
Jerry: All -- All I wanted was for everyone to like me.
Jerry: You do?
Jerry Prime: Agh! Ah, fuck! Dammit Morty, there's no doctors anymore.
Morty: He's Rick's best friend.
President: That's Montana.
Rick: Wait, Season 2 Jerry! Don't!
Jerry: Beth?
Rick: Oh, man Morty. How DID she get there?
Fat Morty: There it is... the Wishing Portal. They say for your wish to come true, y-you have to give up something really important. *takes a food machine out of his bag* For me, that's my panini maker. I wish for a million sandwiches! *drops his panini maker down the portal. He turns back to Lizard Morty* And yes, I see the irony.
Evil Morty: They literally all say that. They all have that excuse; it's part of their system. None of them have to be responsible, they're all victims of themselves. (sarcastically) 'Oh, it's so hard to be a genius!' Couldn't you just die?
Morty: Aw, geez, Rick. What are you doing, man?
Beth: Our son’s been abducted!
News Anchor: A nation in turmoil tonight as the entire state of Virginia continues to be trapped inside an energy dome. The White House released a statement dismissing the President's shouts of 'Civil War, baby,' as hyperbole. Shonda, what do we make of that? More like Hyper Bully, Tom. Oh, sh¡t. Shonda came to play.
Rick 30: I'm okay with this. Be good Morty. Be better than me. Holy shit, the other collar! I'm not okay with this! I am not okay with this! Oh, sweet Jesus please let me live. Oh, my God I--I've gotta fix this thing, please God in Heaven, please, God, oh Lord, hear my prayers. Yes! Fuck you God! Not today, bitch.
Space Beth: Step back. You're not killing him till we kick his ass, Bird Person.
Rick 1, 2 and 3: *belch* What?
Rick: I'll get to it when I get to it.
Nicky: I hear you, Morty. Back in Brooklyn, we got a sayin' -- 'we're walkin' here!' ( laughter )
Rick: That bullet is laced with an encrypted nanobotic virus that will disintegrate your Morty in about, ah, 20 minutes.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Is -- is this what bleeding to death is? Oh, whee. Is this how I die?
Blim Blam: You know what? I'm taking this.
Jacquelyn: (Sits at the bench.) Ex-girlfriend? Should I be jealous?
Toxic Rick: Yeah, motherfucker! Yeah! Get it! Get some! Right up your fucking bitch ass, you fuck! (Turns to Toxic Morty) Guess who just discovered a new element?! You think you could do that, Morty? You think anyone but me could do that ever in a billion years? Do you think if God existed he could do it? The answer is no. If God exists, it’s fucking me!
Morty 2: Or?
Detective: Hey, look, we get it. You're little, you're down on your luck, you think, 'hey, he's a giant. Why don't we break into his home, rob him, and murder him?'
Toxic Morty: I believe you, but I just want to die.
Morty: Do you have a rum and Coke?
Morty: Oh, crap.
Albert Einstein: I vill mess vith time...
Morty: What?!
Holo-Rick: Excuse me? This chicken is quite real to me.
Rick: R-real classy.
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV): Hey everybody! So this is my house, I just made a sandwich, peanut butter and jelly, still here, still selling fake doors!
Beth: I...don't think that's something that matters.
President: What was that?
Rick: Deal.
Rick: All right, Morty. We're in your stupid giant's castle. What do we do next?
Rick: Trust me, Beth, you don't wanna know how many answers that question has.
Rick: Oh, no, first I get banned from the Nextdoor app, now this.
Phoenix Person: It is now Phoenix Person.
Beth: Yahtzee's fun. We love Yahtzee.
Morty: Oh, oh, g-- oh, that's disgusting! You guys are in my parents' bed!
Morty: It’s not cool, Rick. I-I’m not like these people. I can’t run around chopping people’s heads off one day a year and then sleep well the rest of the time.
President: For God’s sake, Nathan, the man turns people into snakes. He can use Google Maps.
Jerry: Remember when we used to go to the playground, and I’d push you on the swings?
Jerry: Rick!
Lizard Morty: SLI-I-I-I-I-I-I-ICK!!!!
Morty: What are you doing, Rick? I'm pretty sure the battery's dead.
Beth: Yeah, dad. Different h-ow?
Rick: Hold still.
Morty: Aw, man!
Jerry: I'm going down there.
President: Oh? how nice
Rick Salseman 3: ‘Scuse me, sir. Is your Morty insured? You know, every year hundreds of Mortys are injured in-
Priest: Jerry Smith died doing something he loved. Getting stung by bees.
Rick: What do you care what I do to the Curve? I-I thought your whole gimmick was fucking off. Certainly what made me a fan.
Rick: Come on, come on, come on.
Summer: Well, I'm leaving!
Morty: And telekinetic?
Rick: We're gonna live our lives until we die. Possibly by vampire. More likely auto accident or heart disease, but possibly vampire.
Jessica: Hey, Morty. Word around school is you’ve become super healthy.
- MORTY: Summer! The boat, Summer! - Morty! I see it! I see the boat!
Wong: No, thank you. I was surprised to receive your call but excited. I haven't done field work since grad school.
Summer: Ugh.
Rick: I got to tell you, Zeep, with no disrespect, I really think what you're doing here is unethical. It's not cool.
Beth: Sweety, is your shirt on backwards?
Jerry: I-I’m not saying it should win an award for commercials, but it could certainly be nominated for an award for commercials specifically about apples, like an Appley or something.
Rick: Great, nice work, Morty.
Morty: (disgusted) Aw, geez.
Summer: (cuts in) Buried in the backyard.
Rick 2: I'm not sure.
Yaarb: Come on.
Summer: Kinda hot.
Summer (concerned): Oh, my god!
Rick: You can't tell me what to do.
Rick: Yeah, either one. Either one.
Rick: I would've been happy to pay for it, Summer, but they don't exactly sell them at Costco. Besides, there's a larger lesson to be learned here. Get him!
Toxic Morty: (Toxic Morty is seen almost completely sunk inside the mud.) (Waves his hand weakly to get Rick's attention.) R-Rick.
Rick: It’s okay, Morty. It’s the purge, you know? Pushing old lighthouse keepers down the stairs is totally cool.
Morty: Rick, I gotta know, like, what’s the secret ingredient? God no. Why? Why? No. Why is it always this shit with you? Of course it’s a person. Rick, why couldn’t it just be spaghetti?
Courier Flap: Confirm, shipping Jerry. (Hovers over Jerry and fully shoves him into underside before flying away through open front door and into sky)
Rick: (grabs the flask containing the orange liquid) Alright, Morty, whoever you smear this stuff on will fall in love with you, and only you, forever. Ya happy now, Morty?
Jerry: I almost wish I could stay longer than one day.
Evil Morty: Are you basing that on what you’d do? Since you’re all the same.
Jerry: Okay, ass-face. I’ll go in the kitchen.
Jerry: Hey!
Morty: Man. Glad I’m not one of them!
Rick: Listen, Jerry. I-I-I don't want to overstep my bounds or anything. It's your house. It's your world. You're a real Julius Caesar but I'll tell you something--tell you how I feel about school, Jerry. It's a waste of time. Buncha people running around, bumping into each other. G-guy up front says, 'two plus two.' The people in the back say, 'four.' Then the--then the bell rings, and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or something. I mean, it's not a place for smart people, Jerry. And I know that's not a popular opinion, but it's my two cents on the issue. This was a good breakfast, Beth. You really made the crap out of those eggs. I wish your mother was here to eat them.
Jerry: Don't tell me that! That just puts pressure on me!
Morty: Who? Who was that, Rick?
Giant: Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum!
Summer: 'Gestating'?
Mr. Jelly Bean (aggresive): Stop fighting me! Just let this happen!
Summer: Morty, open your eyes! There is no they! These poor people's’ bodies are being used! They're a planet of puppets!
Nathan: Oh, for God’s sake, that’s enough.
Summer: Dad!
President: So I win. Then I'm in charge, and you can't leave. You're a terrorist. You're an enemy of the state, and you kicked me in the balls 10 minutes ago!
Summer: Ugh, What's the deal with this place?
President: I appreciate your lending your expertise to this mission, Dr. Wong. Gum?
Rick: Wait, what?
Brett Caan: (looks at mug, it says world's best prisoner) You were always been able to be killed by coffee. (spills coffee all over her, she melts away and he breaks the mug)
Rick: Worst-case scenario we're back to running.
Rick: Then it's time to get your beak wet tonight, playah. (Leads Birdperson into the house) Go have some fun out there birdp-- bird-- birdperson.
Jerry: It's okay, this is just something that happens. And even if we were in a hospital, what could we do, you're a horse surgeon, not a deer surgeon.
Rick: 'Feels Good'. It’s a fucking hit song.
Jerry: (Sighs and stands up to answer door)
Beth: But you are spending time with your family.
Rick: It's an obsession for them at this point. The Zigerions have been trying to outsmart me for years, Morty. Every time they do, I'm one step ahead of them. *finds central processing room* Aha! Here we go. *starts collecting chips* Grab as many processors as you can carry, Morty. These guys aren't good at much, but they're really good at making these chips.
Pichael Thomson: You can tell our parents started with naming him.It's like, oh, Michael. They had that one planned before they even got pregnant, I bet.
Morty: Well, you know,
Jerry: Okay. Sit down. Now cross your legs. That leg on top. Good.
Morty: Huh, kinda mucked it up with this Dracula stuff.
Rick: Clones are, like, thirty-two percent of all sci-fi, sweetie. You don't get to own clones. Yes, I made some decoys. They're exactly like us, with a few tweaks and a backdoor shutdown.
Beth: Then what good was the 'yes'?
Morty: Yeah.
Beth: Oh, when can you?
Alien man: Race war!
Beth: I didn't say my father is perfect, I said his work is important.
Summer: Aw! Oh, my God! He recognizes the other dogs on TV.
Rick: It's not even cruel, either. These things are just doing what they do in the wild. It loves swallowing stressed-out creatures for 20 minutes and then puking them up.
Morty: I wanna ask a girl out at my weird New Mexico school.
Morty: Ooooooohhhhh! Holy crap!
Candy Santa Alien: By then, of course, he had left toys And flesh drops for every one of us in the spore-hive. Ah, a newcomer! I suppose you think you have a better story about how Rick Sanchez saved space Christmas.
Jerry: Is this what it's like to trend? This is a nightmare! I should've just let him pee on my daughter!
Pickle Rick: Uh, is this not a good time or...?
Rick: Pretty cool, huh, Morty? Oh.
Toxic Rick: Are you listening, you stupid little garbage person?! (Shakes Toxic Morty) We're what got removed!
Jerry: One last stop.
Beth: And don't forget his incredibly vague back story.
Guy: That’s right.
Principal Vagina: Kids, I'd like to introduce you all to our new guidance counselor, Mr. Lunas. Mr. Lunas: I look forward to helping guide you all towards a brighter future. I believe every student should... shoot for the moon.
Rick: Third choice...
Cookie Magneto: That's hardly up to you, Rick.
Rick: Hang on tight Morty! We gotta get through the opening titles!
Rick: What? Morty, why the fuck would I do that? You think I'd go somewhere else to– okay, well, I am now less worried about the squids. Isolate head at normal processing. What the fuck do you think you're doing down there? You're making decoys?
Rick: You ask a lot of questions, Morty. Not very charismatic. It makes you kind of an under- underfoot figure.
Beth: Jerry, do you want homeless people to have homes?
Morty: Wow, what an amazing joke I just told. A-and also, what an adventure. You know, I guess it doesn't matter where we're from if we're together, huh? Good-good final moral thing.
Rick: I'm letting! I'm letting!
Mortytown Loco: What the hell, man? What the hell in hell?
Rick: I know your game, Beta-7, I’ve met a billion of you, you little on-deck in-the-wind shoulder to cry on!
Rick: You're my battery, motherfucker. That's all you are. I made you. Your microverse sucks! And your miniverse is the size of a fucking lobster tank! It's whack!
Rick: Is this game popular with autistic people?
Rick: You know what, Morty? You're right. Let's forget the girl altogether. She, she's probably nothing but trouble, anyways.
Gearhead: How familiar are you with the Gear Wars, exactly?
Jerry: Well, it's lunch. I mean, it's one of three meals that have existed for millennia.
Home Beth: 'Domestic Mom?'
- STUDENT #1: Aw, no! - STUDENT #2: Are you serious?
Evil Rick: Ah-ah Rick, quiet. You’re missing my symphony.
Morty: Oh, man, what's going on?
Summer: Aaaaaah!
Jerry: That's totally dying!
Meeseeks: It's become clear-look at me- that if we concentrate all our efforts on Jerry's follow-through, we will solve this problem. I'm Mr. Meeseeks.
Rick: Oof!
Second Rick: Holy shit, that was insane! I love you guys, I've totally changed!
Rick: Why?
Rick: No, I really... honestly, I-I’ve had my fill. It’s gratuitous at this point.
Rick: Summer's just a hyper-emotional, needy little- what's the word I'm looking for here... uh- human! It runs in the family! I can tolerate it but I can't give a crap about it. Take a hike.
Rick: Well then who?
Lighthouse Keeper: You don’t have to mollycoddle me. I want to improve my writing. Tell me your real thoughts.
Rick: Okay, well, sometimes, science is more art than science, Morty. A lot of people don't get that.
Morty: Uhh Jack in the Beanstalk.
Rick: I don't like it here, Morty. I can't abide bureaucracy. I don't like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation. Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt?
Morty Doll: Show me the Morty!
Morty: I'm really hoping it wasn't a one-off thing and I can see her again. By the way, hey, um... still not curious about what might've happened at that crazy Citadel place?
Mr. Poopybutthole: Started isolating myself from Amy. Used to tell her everything I was feeling.
Summer: All right, I get it.
Army General: .All right, that's it. Move out!
Jerry: Oh my god! Thank you!
Risotto: Then we are brothers, and you have wondered what your life could have been without Rick.
Morty: *gives a thumbs-up* Ready as I’ll ever be, Rick!
Tickets Please Guy: Tickets, please.
Employee Morty: Well, then you're taking it with you.
Beth: So, the hamsters live inside the rectums of those people?
Home Beth: See you inside, Dad.
Priest: As we praise our loving Father-
Morty: U-Unity?
Morty: Yeah, you were saying that back when we first got arrested, but here we are, you know, walking down the courthouse steps.
Dispatch: Robbery at Fifth and *BURP* Avenue.
Rick D. Sanchez III: What the hell have we become? *turns to the SWAT Team Ricks* Whatever time you were going to make him serve, he served it. It ends now! *walks up to Rick J-22* Come with me, friend.
Rick: Hey Morty, hang onto this. That number’s your dad. If you lose it, we’re not gonna be able to get him back.
Purple Trunk Morty: *feels annoyed* 'Normal'?
Unity (Administrator): It's okay! It's okay, I evacuated! I evacuated the town, look!
Summer: Dumb.
Previous Leon: It's not pointless, it's cool. (Pulls out a gun)
Rick: That’s planning for failure, Morty. Even dumber than regular planning. (presses a button on the keyboard) Balls.
Rick: Don't date my shrink! And don't be a space Mormon! Why not?! It's silly! Sorry it's a cheap shpt. Worship how you want. I like Tom Cruise
Rick: Okay, something is-
Space Beth: Ah, fucking stupid 5th-dimensional stomach juices.
Summer: Not the bubble gun! There's no air...
- Summer: Don't you need a new companion now that Morty's in the family way?
Dr. Wong: By changing you from a pickle to a human.
Summer: Oh, my god. Are you drunk?
Interviewer: But you persevered, and created this masterpiece from your suffering.
Jerry: I have pants at home!
Jerry: That show 'Ball Fondlers' sounded kind of interesting.
Rick: Hmm, I think Morty's robot was designed for more than long weekends,
Summer: Seems like something terrible happened here.
Alien newscaster: Here at the Midland Quasar, where, in a complete upset,
Morty: Could we take Arthricia up in the ship and, you know, just wait out the purge?
Rick: I can’t let you do that, Morty.
Rick: Obviously cookies.
Rick: No it isn't! It's everyone from this reality returning to their reality of origin.
Season 2 Jerry: Look, before you bust my balls, can someone help with the shower? It's colder than Beth on her anniversary. Also... Look what I found in Rick's room!
Johnny Depp (on Device): You're my best friend, Jerry Smith. I love doing cocaine with you.
Rick: Can... Can we please...? This is my grandson, Morty.
Morty: Come on, cousin Nicky. You heard Rick. We have to stay quarantined until we know that there's no more of these things.
Rick: Told you, Morty.
Home Beth: The one we always wear?
Unity (Shades guy): I'm just taking a little break from stuff. You know? I need to relax.
Morty: Don’t touch me!
Rick: World peace achieved. Nice! A little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself, but hey. So what's next?
Lawyer: Michael.
Rick: Headquarters of the Self-Referential Six. They're meta nerds that found out they could be less bearable as a team.
Morty: Dream team rides again!
Rick: I volunteer to do acid to prove I'm not a cop.
Rick: I’m just going to say this as simply as possible and let you not believe me, on this planet, people that kill themselves turn into spaghetti.
Morty: Do I wanna ask who he is?
Jessica: Morty.
Morty Jr: Da,
Rioter: Hey wait, what race are you guys?
Beth: Oh, okay... I squanch my family.
Band Vocalist / MC Haps: (Background) Flu. Yo, you gotta be aware. Aware about the flu, up in the air. Imma get me a shot and make the flu go away. Flu hatin' rappers just rappin' away. Yo. Yo. Flu hatin' rapper. It's a flu hatin' rap....This is about flu awareness. Gotta be aware of the flu in the airness. Yo, I'm a flu hatin' rapper. My name is MC Haaaaaaaaaaps- Haps Yeah, I'm MC Haps, I'm a flu hatin' rapper, yo......
Evil Morty: I’m not worried about him. I’m evil!
Beth: Well, maybe their Rick came to grips with his bullshit!
Morty: Jacquelyn, I I-I-I wasn’t who I said I was.
Tammy: Boo! You suck, whatever your name is.
Morty: Yeah, that's pretty cool, Rick. So all that happened in this reality too?
Summer: Oh, and then you guys can get married, and, like, suck each other off in a testosterone-addled fucking third-grade-boy cumfest and...
Rick: What is your problem?! You're screwing up my hero death!
Rick: Listen, if this is an invasion I gotta sit this one out, but I'll- I'll be back to have sex with the survivors.
Morty: Oh, yeah? What -- what's that, Rick?
Beth: Are you saying Tommy survived here by having sex with Froopy creatures, creating Froopy-human hybrid offspring, and then consuming their proteins, sustaining himself with an endless cycle of cannibalistic incest?
Joseph Campbell: This is a map to a region rich narrative ore. I wish you the best of luck.
Alien Doctor: Smith family?
Testicle Monster A: I told you past the dinosaurs.
Jessica: Wow! Look at all this stuff.
Morty: T-They made us stop at every drive-thru chain in the galaxy, so they could make one giant burger with a patty from each place.
Beth 5126: You are so fucking dumb!
Toxic Rick: Oh, so now because I’m made entirely of toxins I’m also a liar? Fuck you, you little sociopath. (Grabs Toxic Morty again.) You hear this, Morty?
Morty: Woah!
Morty: *looking at a pamphlet* Jerryboree? You created a daycare for my dad?
Summer: Whoa!
Morty: Wait a minute. W-what are you talking about?
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know me!
Morty: Oh, man, Rick. I'm looking around this place, and I'm starting to work up some anxiety about this whole thing.
Toxic Morty: Oh, everybody hates me. I can tell. Y-You all hate me.
Rick: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, check the engine room. We just need cesium, Plutonic quarks, and bottled water.
Rick: I think one of your 1,000 laws says, no, I can't elaborate.
Rick: Well, we're talking about me. It could be anything. Maybe jealous of my penis size, I had sex with their queen, my dick's too big, the list goes on and on.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Ever think about how horrified the people we love would be if they found out who we truly are? So we just dig ourselves deeper, into our lies every day, (he walks back over to the stove) ultimately only hurting the people who were brave enough to love us.
Morty: Snuffles.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, Beth! Why?!
Mr. Goldenfold: Alright, who can tell me what 5 x 9 is? (Students whisper.) Morty?
Sofa 2: Cellphone. No no no no no, rotary! And payphone on half.
Morty: I don't that doesn't make any sense, Rick. How does that add up to normal humanity?
Rick: Where's the van, Morty?
Morty: Yeah, th-that's a problem.
Rick: So do those guys with the cell phone kiosks at the mall.
???: Do you remember getting on it?
Jerry: Why don't you just say what you really mean? You think it's cool that having sex with her gives me telekinesis and you recognize she's got a hot bod like Cheetara in 'Thundercats,' but you're grossed out by her avocado-shaped head and blue skin, and you think I want to put a bag and a wig on her head. After all the time and energy I spent teaching you two about race... ...you ended up racist.
Rick: (Dancing) ♪ Put your right foot forward ♪ ♪ and your left foot back ♪ ♪ then fucking slide around ♪ ♪ like on a nordictrack ♪
Summer: Ew.
Jerry: (terrified) Why do I have a reality of origin?
Campaign Manager Morty: *gets himself up* He gotta be stopped... *wipes bloodstain off his face* He-he cou-couldn't be allowed to win.
Mr. Beauregard: Ah. Master Rick. Remember when you weren't going to shoot me? (Rick shoots Mr. Beauregard, parasite screeches )
Morty: Wait, my moms are in trouble?
Barber Rick: *keeping his cool* Is that... enough off the top? *three more Officer Ricks enter*
Rick: Alright, Morty. You ready for our adventure to the lost city of Atlantis?
Space Beth: Then whip me up a reason not to kill you.
Zeep: You do realize this will make the flooble crank obsolete? This is wrong, Kyle. What you're doing is wrong. You're basically-- This is slavery. You're talking about creating a planet of slaves.
Morty: Uh, yeah. Well, you know, my-my Ferrari's in the shop. Just kidding.
Rick: Careful Morty. Stay clear of his retcon range. Until he agrees to help us.
Rick: Takes one to know one.
Rick: Morty, please, I'm begging you!
Summer: Dad, get a job.You’re trying to create drama because you’re bored. Oh. It’s the space phone grandpa gave us.
Moderator Rick: ...Okay, Juggling Rick. How would you solve the Citadel’s financial crisis?
All Ricks: Ohohoho! She did it! She did it!
Rick: Well, you didn't want to go, and I thought, 'Okay, that's cool.' But then I thought, 'Well, you know what would be even cooler is a space daughter,' s-so I made one. And I put a bomb in her neck in case she ever came back.
Morty: Why?
Man: Hello. I can do that. I’ll keep track of everyone’s food, you know, in exchange for food.
Rick: Oh, shit dog! My portal gun was hacked remotely Morty, obviously by the real killer to frame me. But I was able to trace the signal. Come on, let’s go!
Jerry body: Shuffled you maybe. I'm tracking everything.
Beth: He got wrapped up in an experiment. He's a scientist. Like, legit, like on an inter-galactic, sci-fi level. His work is very --
Summer: Is that like their n-word?
Frankenstein: You sure about that, Rick?
Abradolph Lincoler: Rick, you brought me into this world, a suffering abomination tortured by the duality of its being.
Principal Vagina: Hi folks, Head Priest Vagina. Thanks for farming all those potatoes. It’s 6 p.m., so if you’re a parent, you’re now entitled to adoration from your children.
Morty: *excited* Really?
Professor Poopybutthole: Oooo weee! Big storm coming.
Rick: Wait, wait, wait! Come on, h-hold on a second!
Rick: Shut up and pack, Jerry. Squids just killed a decoy family.
Rick: Oh, crap,
Rick: Let's go, you little bitch. It's showtime. Get centered.
Summer: Because, uh, you're -- you're so good at playing the flute. (Shoves Nancy towards Morty and Abradolph Lincoler)
Beth: Jerry, look. We don't have a perfect marriage, but I'm not going anywhere. When we were in that freezer, I realized the Meeseeks are like the guys I went to high school with willing to say anything to 'complete their task.'
Prince Nebulon: If there's a wiener on that monitor, I swear to god, Stu.
Rick: Zigerion scammers, Morty. The galaxy's most ambitious, least successful con artists. You know, it's lucky for us they're also really uncomfortable with nudity.
Rick: You really believe if I let a guy like this do whatever he wants, he gets bored and vanishes?
Morty: Ugh, gross!
Rick: Steady, God damn it! Two cetons.
Cruxly: Your dad's a gay assassin? So cool and ordinary. Sorry. S-Sorry.
Summer 2: What?
Candidate Morty: But I’ve got a message for them, from the Ricks and Mortys keeping it alive. A message... from the Ricks and Mortys that believe in this Citadel to the Ricks and Mortys that don’t: you are outnumbered!
Beth: Why did she?
Rick: Say it with me!
Beth: Oh, it's fine. I mean, thank you, and, yeah, you shouldn't. But I hope you know that's not what that session was supposed to be.
Joseph Campbell: Some things never change about mythology. There's always an old man with soup. Name one story that doesn't have one.
Morty: Leon, you saved our lives.
Glaxo: The next step is to watch your mythologues interact together and, uh -- big surprise -- it's never pretty.
Morty: I don’t give a shit!
Religious Morty: There is no escape, my son. We will find our peace in the next world.
Rick: And we're back (attacks Previous Leon)
Unity (voiceover): Rick, forgive me for doing this in notes. I'm not strong enough to do it in persons.
Announcer (on TV): More 'Personal Space' next Tuesday at 8:00. Up next, the heat is turning up with Samantha and the Boys on 'The Northsiders.'
Morty: Holy crap! This is insane!
Rick: Way to give a shit. Next time, don't wipe it on your home planet. Oh, shit. They're gonna track down Beth.
Season 2 Jerry: I don't care how cute he is, we agreed! No Boogens in the house!
Rick: Oh, I bet you do, old timer.
Rick: Beth, the loop's already started. It's basically Highlander rules now. Really? 1986? 'There can be only one?' Shit, we gotta rent it after this. Connery plays 'the spaniard' but does nothing about his accent.
Rick: T-t-t-this is just sloppy craftsmanship.
Morty: Whoa! What did you do?
Rick: Because he prays? You know Hitler was Catholic right?
Rick: When I create shit, it works, Morty. It's called being talented.
Morty: Hey, man, we asked if we could put up a beacon...
Morty: Yeah, y-you were influential. You had like seven-- seven blogs.
Jerry: Well, somebody in Hollywood just lost their job.
Army General: ...Eight...
Rick: Little out of character to say this right now, but you guys look really cool.
Jerry: All you care about is yourself!
Second Beth: Stop shooting, dad! They're us, we don't have to fight them!
Rick: And they'll fall right out of mine. I've done this too many times, Morty. I mean, you're young. Y-y-you've got your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut, yet malleable. You got to do it for grandpa, Morty. Y- you've got to put these seeds inside your butt.
Rick: Well, you're just loving this, mother f- this isn't gonna shape out like you think, pal! Unity's not into other hiveminds! It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm going to be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here!
Morty: Huh. Right. A little pointless then, right? That... came out wrong. S-sounded judgey.
Home Beth: She ran from our choices. I have to parent them.
Morty: Aw, geez. Okay. I guess I can skip history. What about Frank? I mean, shouldn't you unfreeze him?
- Rick: Morty, that's one of the most violently aggressive creatures in the universe!
Summer: I used to pee my pants.
Rick: Oh, no. Oh, the water's breathable? Who went and did that?
Jerry: Wait, what's happening?
Pissmaster's Daughter: You still sound like you're gonna do something bad. Just promise you won't, okay?
Rick: Shut up!
Pickle Rick: Right here, sweetie. I'm a pickle!
Beth: Jezebel's offering a cash reward for evidence that you're a bad person. That is their highest honor!
Summer: Your best friend Tommy. We know. Stop true-crime bragging.
Rick: Hello, Amish Juggler?
Rick: What, Morty, you want me to show you my math? I'm sorry a-are you the scientist or are you the kid that wanted to get laid?
Rick: Come on, here we go!
Rick: Sure. Okay, Morty. Just be back before sundown or the tree people will eat you.
Snuffles: Tell me, Summer, if a human was born with stumpy legs, would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the dachshund?
Morty: Yeah hey, that's pretty, pretty that's true. That's right!
Rick: Morty let's-let's see what else is on.
Morty: Rick, is this thing supposed to be making this no-
Rick: Morty and I are going to look into it. You guys hold tight.
Rick: You see what we just stumbled upon, Morty? Any idea what that is down there?
Space Beth: That's a cute outfit.
Rick: Well, since we won't be seeing each other again, my... Guys, we get it. It's a Code Red. Enough. My grandson has worked hard for you, and I feel like he's earned a selfie.
Gazorpian: Your slave is ill-mannered,
Pickle Rick: Oh, come on!
Mayor: Halt! I'm so sorry, Mr. President, Virginia is closed to visitors.
Space Beth: That piece of shit.
Rick: Maybe it's part of getting old. Maybe I just miss being with... a collective.
Beth: Oh, what is this?
Pickle Rick: Because I don't respect therapy, because I'm a scientist. Because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living, and when I don't like something about the world, I change it. And I don't think going to a rented office in a strip mall to listen to some agent of averageness explain which words mean which feelings has ever helped anyone do anything. I think it's helped a lot of people get comfortable and stop panicking, which is a state of mind we value in the animals we eat, but not something I want for myself. I'm not a cow. I'm a pickle. When I feel like it. So...you asked.
Morty: All right, all right. We're inside the battery. I get it. You don't have to bust my balls.
Unity (Crowd): Yes! Yes!
Unity (Customer): From there I'll have access to countless planets and species.
Meeseeks: All done!
Campaign Manager Morty: Holy shit. (Candidate Morty walks backstage.) I don’t believe it! I-I can’t believe it!
Brad: Wait, wait. Were you about to talk... to her?
Evil Morty: We brought ourselves, asshole.
- Morty: Oh, dad!
Home Beth: Time to get Jerry.
Jerry: I mean, how am I the bad guy? He sprayed piss on us! You-you all cheered me on!
Eyehole Man: Give me my Eyeholes!
Roy: I...had a nightmare. I was with an old man... He put a helmet on me.
Rick: Barf.
Unity (Newsagent): After I become a type-one civilisation, this world will be invited into the Galactic Federation.
Rick: Yeah, sure, if you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad, Morty. *puts a helmet on Morty’s head* Here, check this out.
???: I'm just trying to figure out what's going on with this train.
Lighthouse Keeper: No, I’m sick of this. You bang on my door, you beg me to help you, I share something personal with you, and you take a giant shit on it.
Morty: All right, okay, you know, if this was a story, this part wouldn't be included, stupid. (They see an opening in one of the steps) Hey, Rick, what do you know? Look down there. Looks like some kind of tavern or something built right into the side of the step.
Beth: Well, how do we stop it?
Other Jerry: *suddenly serious* You just might.
Morty: My whole body’s like a baby’s ass.
Pichael Thompson: Hey, welcome to 'cooking things'! I'm Pichael Thompson!
Rick: I like that. Oh, that's pretty sexy. Hey listen, where can I get a drink around here?
Jerry: She’s aced every test in potato class, and look how important potatoes have become.
Jerry: Wait, no! I'll-
Jerry: It's not fair to assume that, Summer.
Morty: What?! No! What is your problem?!
Morty: Ha! It’s okay! Pronounce it however you want. Words are just things. Please. Thank you. We’re having a conversation.
Rick: That's right, Morty. This is gonna be a lot like that, except, you know, it's gonna may--be make sense.
Testicle Monster A: Come on, man, it's this way...
Rick: Just keep in mind, now a bunch more assholes are gonna know they can get a rise out of you.
Morty: Oh, man, Rick! W-w-w-where we running to?
Morty: Let me out of here! Stacy, help! Open the door!
ANNOUNCER: And now back to... 'Cake or Fake?'
Rick: Got a better idea. (He sounds an alarm, alerting Morty)
Cop Morty: So report me. Nobody gives a fuck.
Beth: Open the door! Open the door! Open the door!
Pickle Rick: Whoa! Who in the fuck's toilet is this?
Toxic Morty: Yes, Rick. I-I agree, Rick.
Jesus: Hey, I'm Jesus.
Rick (C-137): Back off! Not my cup of tea, this place.
Rick: No, he subverted actual reality Morty. (burps) He needs to be put down like a rabid dog. (Opens a hole in the fourth wall. They enter a different universe)
Morty: (confused) Uh, sure. I mean, of course not. What do you think that was all about?
Jessica: How do you know I don’t want to love you?
Rick: Woof. Looks like you two have to fight about why you can't control your kids. Good thing Dr. Wong's got an opening. Bye.
Evil Morty: I’d rather hear how.
Jerry: This is Rum Raisin!
Rick: Don't try it Flash Back!
Rick: Good girl.
Swat Officer 1: Bomb! Bomb!
Pickle Rick: Get that parkour. Get that parkour!
Shmlony (on TV): Schmlove, Schmlandula, Schmlonathan--
Together: No work talk!
Principal Vagina: Headism is a hit. We’re taking it worldwide and would like Jerry to be our church’s “Head” of Advertising.
Jerry: Because you'd rather lose them and lose me than lose him!
Rick: Because we'll fit in and avoid detection as we take out all the squids. Might also help us anonymously take out excess decoys, if we have to.
Toxic Rick: Pfft. Come on, man. I’ve been trapped in your pussy brain for 70 years of delusions, but this is the all-time weakest bluff that I’ve ever-
Sleepy Gary: Thanks, Jerry. Beyond that, no offense to any of you, but all bets are off.
Summer: Say decoy again.
Captain #2: It's too late. (Removes his hat, and speaks into a microphone.) Ladies and gentlemen... Don't brace yourselves.
Alien doctor (enters): I forgot to mention, there are extensive medical records open on my desktop, but >I trust you to confine your activities to the purely pornographic.
Summer: (sobs) I want the police to take me!
Alien 2: Oh, forget it! I told you this was a waste of time!
Mr. Goldenfold: The heads love this! They love it when we DON’T kill the Smith family!
Rick: Everybody just relax for a second. There's no such thing as an 'Uncle Steve.' That is an alien parasite.
Rick: I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?
Rick: Morty and I are on a planet that’s purging. I need you to take down-
Pickle Rick: Jesus. Jesus Christ. Therapists, man.
Rick: Oh, Morty, take a deep breath. Breathe that breathe that fresh air in, Morty. Y-you smell that? That's the smell of adventure, Morty. That's that's the smell of-of-of-of a whole different evolutionary timeline.
Voice: *shouting from off screen* Hey Roy, you pull those Persian off-white shags for the clearance sale?
Jessica: Can I show these to you?
Beth: No.
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know m-
Beth: Dad? There's a way we do this now.
Jerry: I can't wait to do that with Beth.
Morty: We’re neither! S-see?
Employee Morty: Probably. Uh, sign here for storage or disposal of the twenty-six years we removed.
Teenyverse President: Yes?
Rick: Not sure, actually. I've heard stories about this. We're looking at a possible Asimov Cascade.
Summer: Wow, Dad. Your place looks way less like a crackhouse.
Campaign Manager Morty: You shouldn’t, sir. You should be terrified.
Gazorpazorpfield (on TV): I don't give a fuck! I'm Gazorpazorp-fucking-field, bitch! Now give me my fucking enchiladas!
Old man: Slow down!
Both Ricks: Oh God, oh no, what did you guys just do?
President: Exactly!
President: Wait. Why?
Arthricia: Happy festival, cocksuckers! Suck my cock! Chew my balls. Suck my huge dick!
Morty: Well, can you move? Can you fly?
Judge: Order in the court! Before the jury reaches its verdict, I just want to say that I consider you both very guilty.
All Ricks: Me!
Mr. Nimbus: Of course I'm happy. You're acting like you won, but this is exactly what I wanted! I am Mr. Nimbus! (His clam takes him away)
Lithdor: If the Sons of the Moon can attack the sun,
Rick: This universe. (Burps) Oh, excuse me.
Ship: You also refuse to authorize emotional countermeasures.
Rick: You do seem a little less burdened.
Rick: What the fuck, Morty?!
Morty: Whew!
Candidate Morty: Yes?
Rick: Shit. Well, I guess this is it.
Morty: Whoa.
Rick: Dude, maybe I'm not an alcoholic.
- Beth: Okay, unacceptable! Oh.
Morty: You don’t understand! This guy was gonna kill someone!
Morty: I killed them! I-I did... I did it offscreen.
Candidate Morty: I feel pretty confident about tonight’s debate.
Morty: Hey, yeah, cool, I-I got it! We'll play Downbeat and we'll-we'll camp here tonight and then rebuild the house. (Starts carrying the box out of the room and downstairs) You know, we got food, fresh water, and we've got family.
Evil Rick: See this right here, Rick? I crunched the numbers, I created a spectrum of all the Ricks. I listed ‘em out from most evil to least evil. Here’s where I am. And look at right here’s where you are, Rick. This guy right here? Super weird.
Lizard Morty: Okay, fine. I’m in.
Rick: Hey! I said nobody move, buddy!
Simon: You mean like Vivaldi?
Remember: Stay awake. All night. Meet me back here at sunrise.
Morty: Yeah, you’re still doing it.
Big Morty: Those were bad Mortys. Very bad Mortys. *snaps his finger, Morty Bouncer 2 gives an envelope to Cop Morty*
Glockenspiel Jerry: Hello?
Summer: Okay, 7-7-1-9-8-3-6-4-2-1-12... aah!
Jerry Prime: Downbeat.
Beth: (Bored and unimpressed) Jerry, I'd love to just kick back with a Margarita and read.
Jerry: No. No more boxes.
Rick: Oh, god! We might not be real! We might be decoys! Morty, quick!
Summer: Tchoo. Tchoo-tchoo-tchoo. Tchoo-tchoo.
Rick: Well, she found a bomb in her neck. Wouldn't you?
Beth: Goddamn it, stop.
Owl #2: Crows and owls have always been at war, but why do you care?! What's the point?
President: You're making me choose? You or her?
News Reporter: Absolute chaos! No one knows who planted the bomb, but one thing is clear: Orphan Island, a city populated entirely by orphans, now sits on the brink of doom. The Orphan Island bomb squad is trying to dismantle it as we speak.
Jerry: We got to get out of this thing. We got to get out!
Rick: Your future stems from your present, which, if you're living right, keeps changing. Truth is, anyone that knows how they're definitely gonna die is either boring as hell or about to get shit.
Dr. Wong: Hey. No. I will not speak with you if you refuse to treat me and my patients with respect.
Principal Vagina: I’m the only one that speaks to the heads!
Jerry: *indignantly* I know how to crawl in a tube. *to himself, while crawling* Ugh... Come on... This is harder than it looks... (Suddenly the tube transitions into a slide.) Whoooooaaaa!
Morty: Yeah, Rick. I-I heard you the first time. You don’t have to keep saying it over and over and over.
Morty: Even pooping hurts now.
Young Beth: I love Daddy!
JERRY: He's in the living room, Rick.
Mr. President: Oh, hey, guys. I just finished cooking us a feast.
Morty: Sorry, Hologram Rick. I'm going with the crystal on this one.
Tank-top Jerry: You think we’re kept here against our will? That would be illegal.
Morty: Just kind of hard to believe, you know?
Rick: Analysis mode, 8-0-0-8-5.
Jessica: (infected) Never leave me, Morty, NEVER.
Rick: An entire afternoon at Blips and Chiiiitz!
Lucy: (Still holding the gun) I'm sure it's good enough. Move!
Morty: Wow. What do you know? Huh. That was easy.
Aide: Mr. President, you’re gonna wanna see this.
Vet: I guess that's the end of that.
Summer: Yeah, Grandpa Rick, don't drag us into your bullshit just because you're losing control. k
Rick: W-w-what do you mean?
Summer: ...Steven Phillips! Steven! Set yourself free!
Rick: Yeah. I forgot I wanted to be haunted.
Alien Girl #2: He has to be the biggest piece of shit in the galaxy, right?
Cromulon: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Rick: All good?
Rick (C-137): Uh-oh!
President Morty: It's just as well. I lied. That second seat's a toilet.
Morty: Whoa!
Summer: Guys, mom and dad are, like, right around the corner.
Morty: Is that how long it takes for Rick to trace my location?
Pickle Rick: Oh, God, the moisture! Dial it back, God! Dial it back a little bit here!
Rick: Nope.
All Rick phones: Just kidding, haha! You just got Ricked. You've reached Rick's voicemail, you know what to do *beep*.
Jerry: You know what, Rick? Those guys took you for a ride, too. You should try having a little respect for the dummies of the universe, now that you're one of us.
Radio: This is earth radio. And now, here's...human music.
Rick: Morty, make that sweaty writer stop working, while I kill off this character.
Rick: Did your dad write this game?
Rick: (With his back to Morty) Morty, hand me that screwdriver, huh? *Morty closes door* I'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer, Morty. It's gonna be great.
Jerry: Thank you, Rick. (continues kissing Beth)
Morty: Is -- is -- isn't that what you were trying to make me understand by yelling at me?
Rick: The Pentagon. I mean, not THE Pentagon. *burp* The lame one, here on Earth.
Principal Vagina: Yeah, see, I thought something was fishy there, because it's usually Morty's grandpa that's taking him out of school.
Jerry: Hey, guys, sorry I'm late, lot of traffic on the orbway.
Morty: Man, I can’t believe you, Rick! That right there! Tha-that was a great opportunity to show a little humanity. You know? To connect with me a little?
Morty: Doesn't feel so good, does it?
Jerry: Uh...
Second Rick: Oh, fuck.
Both Mortys: Summer!
Morty: We've been through a lot, a-and he does not like--
Rick: That 'shooty thing' is a nuclear disruptor that can blow up planets.
Blagnar the Eternal: Oh, and we're not busy?
Vet: Geez...
Zeep: Aah!
Second Rick: Shit, that guy's awesome. Okay, listen, he might actually be the real Rick. But whatever happens–
Evil Morty: Big deal. The worst turd is a pizza.
Rick: You guys should really not be touching that stuff. It's beyond your reasoning.
Rick: 20% accurate, as usual, Morty. The important thing being I just upgraded our cable package with programming from every conceivable reality.
Summer: Best uncle ever!
Morty: What?!
Beth: Are we sure we want to do this? Look at our own alternate lives?
Rick: Yeah, this is a bunch of bullcrap. Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone? Why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants?
Jerry: Well now you know: you'd be a doctor. Whoop-dee-doo. You'd also be drinking wine, alone in a house full of exotic birds. And I'd be on DiCaprio's yacht-- banging Kristen Stewart!
Rick: Have fun, you two.
All Ricks: Ah, for God's sake, alright here, give me the time crystal.
Morty: Thanks Uncle Steve!
Summer: No, we don't want your dumb balloons. We’re bored. Take us back to Rick.
Jerry: Screw you.
Cop Rick: That's enough!
Gromflomite receptionist: Go that way (points to the direction)
Jerry: I'd like that.
Morty: Oh, man. I mean, you know, I-I don't want to shoot nobody.
Candidate Morty: I know. *puts a hand on his shoulder* That’s why you’re fired. *walks away*
Beth: You son of a bitch, you don't stop living until I SAY SO!
Priest: (Rips off his shirt.) God is a lie! We made him up for money!
Diane: Rick?
Pickle Rick: Whoa! Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Morty: That's what people call them.
Beth: Bet you're glad I think kindles are dumb now.
Jerry: But... If you can leave, then why are you still here?
Rick: (enters and interrupts Jerry) I should get her pregnant, then she'll have to marry me. (grabs a glass from a cupboard)
Mr. Jelly Bean: Yeah. (He rubs Morty's sholders)
Rick: Everybody in the car! Now!
BOTH: Life tastes better when you're chugging.
Morty: Probably a robot.
Glenn (on TV): This shit is delicious.
Rick: At least we're real, Jerry. We're real. Rikki tikki tavi!
Morty: Get off of me!
Morty: I don't know, Rick. I can't leave school again.
Beth: Sweetheart, are you okay? I didn't mean to --
Jerry: There isn't time! Just run!
Rick: Oh, not yet he hasn't. (He whips Previous Leon)
Female Student: (Smiles) There you are.
Beth: Then that settles it, because my memory is of hating that night. But now, reliving it, all I can feel is how lucky I am to be loved by such a simple, honest, simple man.
Morty: Whoa! S-seriously?
Morty: Wow, that's pretty crazy, Rick.
Morty: You have a whole planet sitting around making your power for you? That's slavery.
Evil Morty: What? No one can do undercuts but you?
Jerry: Hey look, cops!
Rick: I hope that's not true, Morty. Because you look like sh-(burps)-shit, and this is not how I wanna remember you.
Morty: You know what? We don't need invisibility. Working together is our belt.
Beth: You're the one that costs $200 an hour. You tell me.
Pissmaster's Daughter: I thought something happened to you.
Rick: Letterman from a time line where Jerry's famous.
Rick: Jerry, for fuck's sake, that was a regular fly in her office that day.
Rick: Ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius. The best way to hide from an enemy’s radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible. See, wh-wh-when a Rick is with a Morty, the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh, Morty waves.
Morty: No, I can't deal with this!
All Ricks (off sync): Maybe I will, maybe I won't.
Rick: Jaguar!
Evil Rick: Take his Morty away.
Morty: Uh, what?
Rick: Beth, as much as your passion warms my cold, cold heart, this thing feels pretty far gone. Not only are the decoys liable to be anywhere, but also, we don't know how many decoys there are. You get far enough down the decoy line and shit starts to get weird. You ever make a copy of a copy?
Summer: Never go in my room again.
Mr. Goldenfold: Five plus five.
Morty: Oh man. I love you too, Jessica! (Brad walks passed with a drink, he overhears)
Morty: Shit!
Summer: No, thank you.
Rick: Very good point, sugar.
Morty: WOW, thanks!
Rick: Yeah, yeah. Fuck you for shooting my liver. I’ll see you around.
Female reporter alien: His planet got destroyed by Clorgon death squads, he can't live outside of it without breathing heroin.
Rick D716-B: And, is your uranium-powered cellular matrix making you sick? The answer may not surprise you. It’s ‘yes, it’s uranium.’
Neighbor (Female): Hey, none of that!
Jerry: What?
Mr. Booby Buyer: Rats! What a shame.
Rick: Morty, cut your losses. This is obviously awash.
Rick: Y-Y-Y-You’re gonna give him your card?!
Gromflomite receptionist: How long will you be visiting Earth?
Beth: Dad, what the hell is going on?!
News reporter: Billionaire immortal entrepreneur Jesus Christ has placed all his money into what he's calling a second chance at love.
Morty: Wait a minute. What?
[End of Edge of Tomorty: Rick Die Rickpeat]
Spaghetti president: Hi, Morty, I’m the president of this planet. I saw the video of you at that funeral.
Rick: Off grid, Morty. We're gonna live in the woods, like libertarians. We'll hunt rabbits and trade with, like, little pieces of gold bar that we cut off with a knife.
Rick: I love therapy, family therapy most of all, but I am actually disintegrating. Whoa! Oh, my God! Dad!
Police Chief (on TV): Baby Legs, and Regular Legs, I'm proud of you two for working together, and Baby Legs, I know it was hard for you to come to the conclusion that you need a partner. But I'm proud of you that you did it.
Rick: Yes, Morty, like Westworld. But don't fuck them. Summer!
Morty: And this is? Y-y-you had a thousand adventures with these crows. When are you gonna kill their big bad?
Alien #1: He just doesn't wanna do it.
Rick: All right, Morty you've done it!
Morty: But that's the opposite of what-
Story Lord: Jesus?
Dr. Wong: You must be Rick.
Rick 1: Yeah, hello?
Morty 30: I dropped it
Rick: Okay, just Just leave her out of it.
Rick: No.
Rick: Aw, this place is the best. It’s got beer, games, prizes, and you can never tell what time it is.
Summer: So, I'm not hot?!
President: You committed murder in the Oval Office. Now you can't leave.
Space Beth: Beth Smith.
Rick: I didn't skip shit. It's obviously quiet if it's too quiet.
Alien Reporter: It appears some giant hidden camera
Summer: Can't you just turn yourself back into a human?
Morty: I'm so sorry, Dad. But my real, original Dad beat the apocalypse. I-I-I guess we all underestimated you. Hey, w-what's that game we always try to play as a family, y--the one we never finished?
Narrator: He realized long ago that the greatest thing he’d ever create was his daughter.
Rick: Hey, Mr Goldmanbachmajorian. S-still alive, huh? What's up?
Mrs. Pancakes: Wheat thins. Wheat thins.
Dr. Wong: Well, what you're describing is therapy, and if you'd like to keep receiving it, start scheduling your visits with Judy up front.
Pickle Rick: Eh.
Alternate Morty: Oh man, I'm so scared in here ...
Rick: Uh, does China know about that deal-breaker?
Jerry: Ahem, Horse heart surgeon.
Morty: Oh, that was a close call. Oh yeah, do it Rick, do it right.
The President: Sounds exhausting. How many of those states voted for me, anyway?
Ramamama Leader: Who are you?
Fart: I came here accidentally through a wormhole located in what you call “get out of my head, Fart, I know you’re in here, la la la la--” No, in what you call the Promethean Nebula.
News Cameraman: Yo! Pissmaster! You saving that cat to make people forget you suck?
Rick: Ugh.
Guards: Hold it! Don’t move! (they approach Rick and Morty with guns)
Morty: Keep breathing!
Morty: I'm sorry, do you control things that people agree are cookies?
Beth: I mean, Jerry, y-you didn't explain the full gravity of the situation.
Jerry: Oh, my god. That's the best sex I've ever had in my life. It's... it's too good. I don't deserve this, Beth. I'm a fraud.
Gear Policeman #2: Oh my god.
???: You don't have to. The train is obviously amplifying and linking unrelated narrative fields.
Tammy: Hi, Mrs. Smith. I like your hair better this way. How's the stomach?
- [BEEP] _ - JERRYBODY: Whoa.
Rick: Hey, Morty.
Second Rick: Classic prisoner's dilemma, Beth. I'm a cool guy, I, you know, I can talk it out. But that asshole–
Jerry: He hadn't decided he was still going to kill us!
President: Naturally, you'll forget you saw them, along with, in order of national embarrassment, the Truman Cocaine Lounge, the McKinley Hooker Dump, and the Lincoln Slave Coliseum. He didn't free them all. And let me know when you're done.
Rick: All right, all right, fine, Morty, you party pooper buzzkill! Boo, boo! Morty sucks!
Jerry: Yeah! Wait. Really?
All Ricks: Oh God, now there's three of them, we're outnumbered! Get in the cupboards! Wait, don't don't do that, they'll know... wait wait, think about getting in the cupboards but don't really. AAAAH! IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT YOU SICK FUCKS? YOU WANNA SEE CHILDREN DIE?
Mr. Poopybutthole: We don't have as much time as we think. Ooo eee.
Jerry: Uh... well, vive la différence.
Rick: No such agenda, chief.
Rick: It's about to get a whole lot weirder, Morty.
Summer: Well, peeing in the ocean was my bucket list item. Who's next?
All Rick phones: Hello, Rick here.
Rick: All right, all right, Morty. You know, w-w-w-we are in a pretty deep hole, here, but I do have one emergency solution that I can use that'll kind of put everything back to normal, relatively speaking. Here, Morty, put this on while I do a little bit of scouting.
Rick (C-137): Leave my Morty out of this!
Morty: I-I think it's supposed to help prevent abandonment issues.
Summer: Jesus! It'd be cool if you were around more. I don't wanna get married. I'm 17. My affection is the wind. Don't try to compete for it. (pauses) I could hear every word of that through the helmets. Thank fuck I only had to kill most of them.
Cowboy Morty: One thing's for sure: y-y'all don't have to worry about Cowboy Morty talkin'! This little cowpoke's gonna mosey up on outta here! *walks away, Cop Rick turns to Cop Morty*
Morty: Obviously my version of health is a hell of a lot different from yours, you useless old turd.
Morty: He’s cutting your time in half. 10 minutes.
Morty: What?! Are you kidding me?! Ohhhhhh!
Summer: What?
Morty: Wha!
Evil Morty: I’ll explain. He’s worried that it’s actually your target and he’d owe me credit for the kill.
Pickle Rick: Oh! Oh!
Jerry: Wondered? Sure. I mean, I've wondered about having a v*g1n*.
Killer 2 (on TV): And I killed her. Here's the weapon. And cuff me, thank you very much.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Why would you do this? Beth. It's not supposed to hurt. I-I thought... ( siren wails ) Ooh, whee.
Cop Morty: *looking at two Mortys in a nearby alley* Lemme turn over a few rocks.
Houston: Permission granted. Firing breach now. Explorer, our readouts show a pressure spike. Everything all right? Honestly, sometimes staring back at Earth makes me think about the people I left behind... my wife, the son she had to anchor me there. I tried to be a parent, I really did, but I've come to find I'm only suited to be a spaceman. The nicest part of being up here is there are no reminders of the guilt I sometimes feel about abandoning my family. ( Indistinct babbling ) Sorry, Houston, I thought I heard something. Negative on our end. No, wait, there's something big and it's coming right at you! Goo, goo, gah, gah. Dear God. No! You can't be real! Explorer, what is it? What the hell do you see?! My conscience. Explorer! Explorer! Aaah! Are you there? Aaaaaah! Geez. Not gonna miss that guy. Aaaaah! Right? So dramatic.
Morty: Rick?
Rick: The slow clap? Really? Kinda played out, dude.
Secret Service Rick: You've been pardoned for that, sir.
Birdperson: Morty.
Employee Morty: Well if you look at it like a bone, what we can do is break his age in two places, remove the middle, and graft its ends back together.
Jerry: I'm time! I'm literally time!
Morty: Whoa!
President/Evil Morty: Yay! He's all caught up.
Rick: Have a little perspective.
Morty: You could stop this killing from happening, Rick! You know, y-you did a bad thing selling that gun, but you could undo it if you wanted!
Rick: Yeah. Let's watch some more Gazorpazorpfield!
Frankenstein: I will admit it's suspicious that Summer's only friend is a magic ballerina lamb that we've never seen.
Daycare Beth: First one there gets to adjust the picture settings!
Guy: Ooh, well, for millennia, our society has been free of crime and war, living in perfect peace.
Doofus Rick: That’s right, Jerry! He-he’s from a reality where everyone is Eric Stoltz mask people! He’s Eric Stoltz mask Morty! They assigned him to me because... I never had any kids of my own. But if I did, boy, I’d love ‘em if they were as smart and as successful as you are, Jerry.
Gromflomite: I guess that makes two of us. *fires up his weapon*
President: There's still some rubble over there.
Beta-7: Unity. Is it a... bad time? Are all... present lifeforms... assimilated?
Rick 30: Goddammit!
Rick: Okay buddy, who sold you this shitty aging serum? What did he look like?
Morty: Yes! Let's play Downbeat. I-I bet I can find it! We can finish now!
All ricks: (Yeah! That’s what I like to hear! etc. Ad lib)
Rick: The easiest way out of any box is to be the least shaped like a box. We both hate Rick Prime more than each other anyway.
Rick: Who? Oh. Unity. Yeah, well, I mean honestly we’re talking about an entity that thrives on enslavement, you know. It's not cool. Fun's fun but who needs it? I'll be in the garage.
Rick: Oh, this is perfect, Morty. Look at that. He's getting sleepy. Just a little bit longer before he calls it a day. That's when we make our move.
Mr. Goldenfold: Me too. How long have you all been eating poop?
Morty: No, I'm okay.
Rick: No, me. Should I rub my liver hole on them? Pick up a stick or something and kill them.
Rick: Looks like my arch-nemesis Crow Scare and my sidekicks planning adventures together.
Rick J-22: Holy shit. (As the alarm rings, he runs out of the office and enters the Flavor Core chamber.)
Morty: I want their names or I’m telling Mom and no more spaghetti night.
Summer: (Interrupts Morty) screw that. This is my chance to gain some footing with the cool kids.
Worker #1: I don't wanna work anymore.
Morty: (looks at his flashing hands) Wait, what? What's happening?
Morty: Understood.
Jerry: Honey, it's gonna be okay. These men are from the Cervine Institute of Elk, Moose Deer and Stag. They can take this deer to a helicopter and fly it to the country's top deer surgeon on a wildlife reserve across the state border, where your jurisdiction ends.
Doofus Rick: Advertising? Wow! So, people need help figuring out what to buy and then y-you help them?
Rick: Oh, I was thinking velocitinis, but...
Tammy's Voice: And Tammy!
Vet: Three. Excuse me, you can't be back here.
Evil Morty: In here.
Rick 1: And away we go!
- Rick: Ooh, gerp,
Morty: It’s okay! It’s spaghetti.
Rick: Ah, shit!
Morty: Come on, um...
Jerry: This shooty thing looks cool.
Story Lord: Hardly your decision.
Ship: Confirmed.
President: What the hell happened?
Rick: Fine, geez!
Beth: 'Uh-oh'? What is that?!
Morty Mart Morty: *talks back to Purple Morty* Put it in your blog.
Unity: We hear things, Rick. I tried calling, but is it true you're looking for...him again? You almost died last time.
Summer: Are you sure?
Birdperson: Is your intention to abandon Rick using his own portal gun? In bird culture, this is considered a dick move.
Rick: Well, that would be obvious to you, Morty, if you'd been paying attention.
Rick: Thanks, buddy. It means a lot that your bar for mental health has gotten lower than mine.
Rick: Morty, I'm not responsible for every fucked up Rick out there.
Summer: This costume smells like ass!
Ice-T: Damn. You didn’t tell me you fuck around with portals and shit.
Summer: I am mad that I can't huff enamel without people assuming it's because my family sucks. I hope to be seen one day as someone that just likes getting high.
Large Man: That’s not a real job!
Morty: We’ll be together. That’s a date.
Summer: Oh my God! Dad's in 'Cloud Atlas'!
Agency Director: And how is that?
Morty: So what?! you could do things inside! you could play guitar, you could masturbate.
Summer: Oh nice, you guys are back. Whoa.
Space Beth: Can't we just go back and fix it?
Beth: You're the clone?
Rick: Nope! Morty?
Morty: Geez.
MAN ON TV: Everyone has a plumbus in their home. First, they take the dinglepop.
Beth: Enough. Kids, it's time to go. We don't want to be late.
Morty: But Rick, Summer's just-
Rick: It's a figure of speech, Morty. They're bureaucrats. I don't respect them. Just keep shooting, Morty. You have no idea what prison is like here!
Beth: Because I don't want him to leave again, you dumb asshole!
Rick: What I'm hearing is that you think that's a bomb.
Summer 1: *Screams*
Evil Rick: Ahh, isn’t it beautiful?
Rick: Literally ten? Because now it would be six.
Rick: You ever see a line for the men's room?
Prince Nebulon: Yes, they are. Just as planned. *evil laughter, others join in* Oh, this is going to be such a mindfuck!
Jerry: Uh-oh, maybe we have a problem here after all guys. Yikes.
Rick: Okay, good... good talk.
Good-Looking Rick: *begging* Yes, it's great!
Summer: Oh, right -- because there's something about having a wiener that would make me better at walking through a hole?
Beth: You did it, Beth. You really nailed it. You're a surgeon. A human surgeon. Yay you win.
Rick: Eh, you look a little weird. Your skin's all pink like a baby mouse. Is that normal?
Beth: Great, because she specifically asked you to stop bringing puppets. Dad?
Jerry: Aw, he's saying 'I love lasagna'.
Rick: Ugh! You bastard!
Evil Morty: Ahh, just another day in paradise.
Rick 2: Beth, you’re a treasure.
Decoy Beth: The squids are decoys!
Morty: Not cool! Oh!
Rick: (obvious distaste) Yeah, that's... Wow, really worth it. That was not worth it! It's corny! (gestures) You! Corn! Dying of starvation here!
Testicle Monster A: How did this happen?
Morty: It’s... G-good job. Good job.
Beth: Scalpel.
Meeseeks: Ooh, nice! (Stops existing)
Toxic Rick (Yelling at scared Toxic Morty): We blew up, idiot! Are you really that stupid? Obviously the guy I yelled at overloaded the machine. It takes more than that to kill Rick and Morty, motherfucker!
Rick: After you.
Morty: Rick, we– we did it. Evil Morty got him! Rick? Rick!
Announcer: It's the Opposite news, with Michael Thompson!
Tricia: I want that kind of love like that docking kind of love.
SUMMER: Whoa, psychic Grandpa.
Rick: Wow, Morty. Lucky break. Grab that bucket. Okay, two parts Plutonic quarks, one part cesium.
Paul: Don’t worry. I treat Beth very well, and I do not overstep my bounds with Morty. Every kid needs a dad, but there’s no replacing you. Hey, you wanna give us a hand with this? *gestures to the TV* We’re trying to figure out how to get the sound coming through the stereo instead of the TV. I-I-I don’t--It’s very difficult.
Space Beth as Rick: Okay, have fun, pumpkin. Sorry I'm a piece-of-shit father.
Beth, Summer, and Jerry [all at once]: Narcissism. The narcisstic stuff. I want to obsess about myself.
Morty: Parmeee...san...
Jerry: W-w-well, does it have to? Heh, you, you look just like Rick. We could maybe... you know... get rid of him? I’m not saying kill him, necessarily, I-I’m also not saying necessarily not kill him, but-
Pause detected. Pause gravity class: heavy.
Summer: Wake up people! You have to fight it! You're under the spell of an evil monster!
Morty: Are these pills supposed to wake me up, or something?
Rick: Hey, do we have any wafer cookies? Mm! Oh, boy. Looks like you guys have been checking out alternate lives and realizing you don't have it as good, huh? That's too bad. You know, me and Morty are having a blast, We just discovered a show called 'Ball Fondlers'. I mean, I don't want to rub it in or anything, but you guys clearly backed the wrong conceptual horse.
Morty: What?! What are you talking about?!
Summer: Whatcha doing? Going into the kitchen?
Rick: Oh, my God! Jesus. Oh, my God.
Lizard Morty: If we’re not here for graduation, our butts are gonna end up in Mortytown.
Second Rick: Check the closets.
Jerry: It's worth celebrating, Rick. You accepted the concept of therapy without turning yourself into a pickle or a housefly.
Meeseeks: Everybody sto-o-o-p! Look at me! My brothers, nothing will be accomplished by shedding Meeseeks blood. None of us can die until our job is done.
[After Credits scene: Rick’s spaceship is outside Beta-7’s main ship. Rick is driving, with Morty in the passenger seat]
Jerry: They do it in therapy on TV. Well,
Jerry: (tries to kiss Beth)
Writer: Okay, here's your motivation. Looking for motivation. You want all the motivation.
Rick: Are you... Ugh! Nobody gets it. Nothing you think matters matters. This isn't special. This... This is happening infinite times across infinite realities.
Jerry (insecure): Right! I know that! I just think...(breathes deeply to search for an answer)
Morty Bouncers: *both said at once* Which Morty?
Beth: I don't have a...
Rick: Oh boy. Uh, these are my grandkids, Summer and Morty. Summer, Morty, this is uh, Unity. We sort of used to, uh, date.
Rick: Huh?
Rick: Huh, this isn't right. This pipe's supposed to be sending 20 terawatts of juice up to the engine, Morty.
Kiara: Soon your world will be rid of Varrix. Tomorrow, we celebrate.
Morty: Outdone yourself?! W-w a-are are you kidding me, Rick? This is not okay! Not only do they all want to have s*x with me, but, you know, now they want to eat me afterwards!
Morty: Ugh, Rick, you said we were going to a movie.
Stacy: Is it wrong if I think this is kind of hot?
Rick 3: I have a Beth just like you in my reality, except you know what? She’s not as brilliant or attractive!
Morty: I'm not scared. I'm insulted.
Jerry: Perfect.
Unity: I needed you to understand how serious this is. I can handle it. We got the spray, b¡tch!
Pickle Rick: Pickle Riiick!
Toxic Rick: (Points at Toxic Morty, yelling at him.) You’re so stupid, Morty. You’re an (Belches) idiot. There’s no such thing as Hell.
Jerry: What happened? Where am I? Was it all a dream?
Summer: Eschewed? You've never used that word. Maybe you are a clone.
Pickle Rick: ...because this pickle doesn't care about your children. And I'm not gonna take their dreams. I'm gonna take their parents.
Rick: Boy, Morty, I really Cronenberged the world up, didn't i? We got a whole planet of Cronenbergs walking around down there, Morty. A-at least they're not in love with you anymore, though. That's a huge step in the right direction.
Jerry: *playing poker with other Jerrys, sighs* I can’t believe Rick did this. This is the eighth to the last straw.
Rick: Good!
Testicle Monster A: Exactly. 'Cause you're being obstinate.
Rick: Like you'd be picky about licensing.
Rick: Oh! Responsive, too! In real time! I love it!
Miss Lead: Liar! (Runs toward Rick, but he uses a force field)
Rick: Oh my God! It's still the commercial!
President Morty: Right, no drama. Keep it episodic. Ricks never look back. Waste of a legend in his case. You know, he practically built this place.
Rick: I know, I mean, I had to tell someone, Morty. I couldn't just sit on that.
Summer: 'Froopyland?'
Rick: How about you eat my shit, you Hawaiian-shirt-loving twat?
Many species of Mr. Frundles: (voices overlapping each other) Mmm, I'm Mr. Frundles!
Zeep: Wait a minute. Did you create my universe? Is my universe a miniverse?
Morty: It's not a new leaf until you tell me everything!
Space Beth: (in text) Is this a private party Or can anyone join?
Rick: Oh yeah, Morty. Yeah, t-t-that- that’s real easy to say from the sidekick position. But--But, uh, h-how about next time you be in charge, then we’ll talk about how simple and fun it is.
Summer: Okay, ouch, Noted,
Rick: He wishes. He wriggled back into the meta-layer through the hole in the fourth wall. (Grabs two goggles, and gives one to Morty) Put these on, and help me find it. (Turns Morty's goggles on)
Human President: Hold you fire!
Jerry: Not anymore. ( Chuckles ) Obviously.
Pichael Thompson: And then they found out I was attached to him along for the ride and they said, 'Ah well, shit. Ah, just fuck it, call him Pichael!
Rick: Whoa, Morty. You just purged.
Rick: It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know, every day here is like a minute. It's like 'Inception,' Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie.
Morty: I thought if I gave you enough space, you'd outgrow this phase.
President: No lone wolves. We need a crack team for this one. Rick, meet Fleeflak. He might be able to tell the future.
Unity (Old man): I have transformed life here into a paradise. Prostitutes are now scientists. The homeless are now phisosophers.
Morty: Ohhhhhh!
All Mortys and Summer 2: That hurt! That was painful...
Morty: Wh-who's that?
Rick: Morty, they don’t know what that is.
Summer: You know you're kind of a dick, right?
Dr Wong: I'd like to discuss that.
Rick: He's trapped.
Principal Vagina: We hereby send these un-wantables skyward that they might be inhaled by the many heads, later to be sneezed back to us as better babies! (cuts first rope) Headward, free now to rise. (cuts second rope) Headward, free now to rise. (cuts third rope) Headward, free now to rise.
Morty: Got you now, you son of a bitch.
Mr. Frundles (Earth): Mmm, I'm Mr. Frundles!
Morty: You need to tell these people they're in a battery, Rick. It's messed up. There's caterers down there. Th-th-they're setting up chafing dishes.
Jerry: Well, you have to take it.
Rick: Great, so I still wind up stuck with Jerry's dumb ass?
Mr. Twist: The twist being- (he swings towards Brett Caan)
Rick: Good point.
Zigerion: Sir, they're over the edge.
Summer: Yeah Tammy!
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Morty: I'm in a lot of pain, Rick!
Agency Director: Jaguar's daughter is dead.
Rick: You'll never get away with this, Concerto.
Story Lord: That's lazy.
Holo-Rick: Hey, hey! Ho, ho! Not cloning your grandpa has got to go! Hey, hey! Ho, ho! Not cloning your grandpa has got to go!
Rick: Jerry, what are you doing here?
Summer: I dunno, the squids seem pretty good at taking out Smith families.
Rick: Let’s find out.
Space Beth: You've got incredible timing.
Scarecrow Rick: It's not all for me. A Rick provides for his family.
Rick: Par-meee-sian. Par-meee-sian.
Marine: Gordon Lunas was a good Marine. We don't know what drove him to take his own life, but we want to remember the good things. Like how, from a certain angle, some people would say he looked like a smudge.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Oh, oh my god! Oh my god!
Cop Morty: Same old story. Mortys killing Mortys.
Decoy Rick: I don't know if that's accurate.
Rick: Whoa!
Morty: Oh, my God! Are you kidding me?!
Beth: Ugh. Sorry, Jerry. You're real.
Rick: Well, look at that old lady. She's, she's walking a cat on a leash.
Rick: Everybody back! If you're not a parasite, you have nothing to fear. What about Summer?
Rick: What are you doing?
Alien: That is Multi-Phase Quantum Resonator.
Morty: (Morty stops and looks at Jessica and smiles.)
Jerry: I'm hoping to get a piece of your sugar chicken later.
Morty: Geez.What’s with her?
Jerry: Um... Earth, please?
President Morty: You can come if you want.
Rick: Morty, you're the worst, Morty.
President: Can you blame them?
Pickle Rick: Morty?
Rick: Please, Morty, is it there? God damn it! Just tell me if I'm real!
Rick: Whoa, whoa, Morty, the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea. Listen to me. If we're gonna incept Mrs. Pancakes, we have to blend. I'll talk to you after lunch.
Morty: So you're coming back?
Jerry: Stop the ride! We got to get off.
Bearded Jerry: Ante up.
Brad: I throw balls far. You want good words, date a languager.
Rick: Well if it's any consolation, Summer, none of it mattered, and the entire show is stupid.
All Ricks: Don't you get it?!
Fart: Thank you, Morty. You are not like other carbon-based life forms. You put the value of all life above your own.
Rick: Okay, yeah. Promise.
Gribbles: Uh, okay.
Beth: You said decoys didn't make decoys.
Rick: She got me right in the goddamn liver, Morty. It’s the hardest-working liver in the galaxy, Morty, and now it has a hole in it. I hope it was worth it.
Krombopulos Michael: Oh boy, here I go killin’ again!
THE OBSERVER: No, you weren't!
Summer: (Gasp.)
Rick: That finger has AIDs now. Not my fault.
Jerry: No. No! Send me to Gary. I want to be with Gary.
Meeseeks: Uhh... Hey, Jerry, you mind if we get back to the task at hand? Meeseeks don't usually have to exist this long. It's getting weird.
Stealy: Such as staplers and pins and all sorts of things like-such as that.
Jerry-Sitter: You’re doing great!
Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa! What's the matter with you, Morty? Calm down! You're kind of killing the vibe in here.
Summer: Fine! Yes! Because I love you and I'm trying to save your life!
Rick: You simulated my grandson's genitalia?! Y-y-you bunch of diabolical sons of bitches!
Rick: How do you like that, Morty?
Garbageman (on TV): Not on my watch!
Beth: So many possibilities.
Scary Terry: Oh, no! I'm late to class, bitch! Oh, no! I'm not wearing any pants!
Rick: I assume a box to contain Ricks that get too close to the big guy.
Rick: Oh, how do you like that? What kind of merciless creature makes the ground bouncy? I'm gonna have to drown myself.
Guy: Sundown is when the festival begins.
Jerry: Yes. Thank you, sir. I am finally complete!
Rick: There's three billion women on this planet that have nothing to do with me.
Mr. Beauregard (Off-screen): Then perhaps, you shouldn't.
Agency Director: Put him on, and locate the phone he's using.
Beth: I'm going out.
Rick: (Walks up to Morty and Jessica): Hey, kids. Uh, hope I’m not interrupting. Morty, a moment of your time?
Morty: Hey.
Morty: Your going to patch it?
Beth: Nobody's terminating anything. This is your mess, nobody else with our face and memories has to die.
Summer: Did you let a gym coach break it in?
Unity (Clown): Now's... not a good time.
Rick: Hey, man, you can leave now.
Morty: You lied! You lied about the charge! You were just being lazy! Get back! Sit down!
Morty: Oh my God! C-c-can you fly a Blackhawk?
Rick: Are you writing this down? Will you please write this down?
President: How unsettling and cryptic.
Pickle Rick: Oh, crap, that sun is bright.
Morty (confused and a little concerned): Hey, Rick ..what's the deal with this guy? Why is his body, like..sloping off to the right side of the screen like that?
Jerry: Oh, my God.
Rick: There she is. All right. Come on, Morty. Let's go.
Kevin: Well, Simulations doesn't simulate anybody that's been abducted, so--
Morty: Yeah, Rick, I get it. We're surrounded by monsters. That's kind of the reason why I want to leave.
Lighthouse Keeper: You 'sat through it'?
Cop Morty: If we don't kill him, he'll talk!
Rick: Okay, s-sorry about that. Now, where are these rich people?
Story Lord: Perfect! Green lit! Launch it!
Morty: That’s how things should be. It’s how they could be.
Jerry: I know, and now look at you! You have a job. You’re making really good money. You’re not paying any rent, so you have plenty of disposable income.
Beth: I'm tired of believing you. I want to talk to her.
Beth: (Confused) Dads?
Rick: Looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives.
Vet: Who's this now?
Dr. Wong: Why didn't you want to come here?
Morty: I refuse to do that, I'm desperate to get back together.
Morty: It was?
Rick: It’s in the car, dip-ass. Oh, God, it hurts.
Rick: I did it. I fixed portal travel.
Meeseeks *: Well, him over there, he roped me into this!
Rick: Yeah, pretty specific pitch, Summer. I probably could turn myself into a teenager and hang out in the zit-covered, hormone-addled, low-stakes assworld that is high school. But here's my reverse-ask -- why in the fuck would I ever do that, ever? And how dare you even ask me that? And why aren't you more ashamed of yourself?
Morty: Ooh! Ohh! Ooh! Hnngh! Hoo! Ooh! Ohh! Aaaaagh! Oooooh!
Morty: You-you too. U-uh I'm doing good, by the way. Oh, my dad was gonna eat that yogurt you left in the fridge, but I-I told him--
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Rick 1: Hey, get a load of this! Jerry’s hanging out with doofus Rick.
Beth: No, my defense is eat me.
Mr. GBM: I was hoping you could help me make sense of a note I found this morning? It's written by someone claiming to be me. They say my mind is 'held captive in a time loop, trapped in the day of a traumatic event by the agony of a formidable intelligence, but also that my captor forgot about aging, that my body spoils and yearns for death while my soul remains stuck in place, caught like a fly in amber.'
Rick: (notices his hands shaking) Look at this, Morty. Look at my fucking hand. Look at this shit.
Rick: Whoa! Morty! We’re guests here.
Summer 2: What?
Rick: She is a copy of you. If she ran back to that dingleberry, that's on you. Want to grab a drink?
Rick: I guess I did the butler! Ha ha! Does -- d-does that scan?
Meeseeks 2: Ooh, I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
Mr. Sneezy 3D (on TV): Oh, I'm Mr. Sneezy! Achoo!
Rick: It’s nice of you to let me off the hook. It’s still unacceptable behavior, and I do regret it.
Zeep: You monster!
Summer: If you're talking about the melting ghost babies, yes, please, no more of that.
Captain #1: (Worried) Uh, sir? There's not a problem.
Eyehole Man: I'm the Eyehole Man! I'm the only one whose allowed... to have eyeholes! (He kicks the eyeholes out of the aliens' heads) Get on up outta here with my eyeholes!
Morty: I’ve been watching you drink, Stacy. I get the feeling you’ve got a hard job. I wonder what it takes to please you. That’s the job I want Part time, full time, I want to be good at it, bad at it, I want to get promoted, fired, corner office, hostile takeover, workplace accident I’m on my knees, Stacy. Praying, worshipping, begging, whatever you want. (Sniff) What do you think about that?
Lighthouse Keeper: I don’t care. I want you out.
Rick: Yeah.
Bodyguard Rick 2: Yeah. *the airlock door closes; Campaign Manager Morty immediately brings out the documents and cries out to the Bodyguard Ricks but to no avail*
Rick: Car crash. And suicide.
Summer: God, I feel terrible.
Rick: Who’s NOT a musician, Morty?
Morty: *jumps off edge*
Fart: More are coming.
Beth: Okay. And one more thing. If I were a clone, would you tell me?
Beth: Who wants lemonade?
Rick: We might be decoys, Summer. Everything about this licks.
Another Rick: *holding a ticket* Hey, wait, do you have 5126?
Zeep: Opium addict.
Criminal (on TV): Oh, fuck it, I'm the killer. I'm running, running real quick.
Jerry: He basically got me kicked out of my home, stole my family.
Jessica on the phone: Hi, Morty. It’s Jessica. Look, can we just talk for a minute?
Cop Morty: They had a little accident. They won't be causing any trouble anymore.
Tricia: So, how was your date with Brad?
Phillip Jacobs ('Personal Space' Host, on TV): Hey, welcome back to 'Personal Space.' I'm your host Phillip Jacobs, and let me tell you, I care about my personal space. Whoa, whoa. Hey. Who's around me right now? Who's around me? Now, why don't we step up here and everybody get stepped up and let's get some stepped-up personal space up in this place. Here we go. We get a one, personal space. Two, personal space. Three, stay out of my personal space. Four, keep away from my personal space. Five... get out of that personal space. Six... Stay away from my personal space. Seven... keep away from that personal space. Eight, personal space. Nine, personal space. You know, I take personal space pretty seriously, up to the point that I don't even care about this -- I'm not even interested in having this skin on my personal space. (groans)
Morty: Uh, morning, Frank.
Morty: Why would you say something like that?
Beth: Morty, look at your little balls! I know! Bring it in here, guys. Damn, this thing has twin turbines?
Pickle Rick: Take that money, give it to Jaguar's daughter when you set her free. Or I'll be visiting you.
Summer: What the hell, Grandpa Rick?
Meeseeks: Just try to relax.
Morty: Ahem. Excuse me! We are two humble heroes in search of adventure!
Rick: Morty!
Jerry: I'm sorry. It's just like the end of 'Old Yeller.
Jerry: Wait. What?
Doofus Rick: Jerry. W-we both know it wouldn’t work. It’s time to go back to our lives. I love you, Jerry. I love ya.
Rick: There’s a pile of silverware next to you, and you throw me the one thing that can never kill anything?
Summer: I want to be abandoned.
Morty: What?!
Unity (Busker): Especially when I change them. I'm sorry to disappoint you, but... I’ve grown.
Jerry: You know what, Mr. Meeseeks? I don't think this is working. I give up.
Vet: May I help you, sir?
Hamurai: Rick, you love those barbecues, Rick. You love them. Hai!
Jerry: Tammya? Tammya.
Morty: Is that what this is about? L-Like, you want to prove yourself?
Ship: Confirm custom defense protocol-- Keep Summer safe-- No physical force.
Space Beth: Just curious, though, if it were, would 'most wanted' be first place?
Rick: You're overreacting!
Jerry: Uh...
Morty: She's real. She's my bitch of a sister.
Beth: Kinda thought two geniuses would build faster than one. When do I start being concerned about this?
Beth: Hold on.
Morty: I-I did look at it, Rick! I've been looking at it!
Both Mortys: Summer!
Morty: Hey, hey, Arthricia, um, maybe I could... uh-
Summer: Correct.
President: Get this man and his grandson on a Blackhawk to Area 51.
Beth: He won't have to ask for it, okay? He won't need it. He'll just make more. He doesn't need anything from anyone.
President: Ho-ho! Dr. Wong, you are a firecracker!
Rick: It’s okay, girls. I-I’m so sorry I put us in danger with some of my behavior. I-If you’d like I can go out in the g-garden, pick some fresh basil, and make us a nice Scallopini.
Jerry: My friend.
Rick: Of course you don't. But Zeep did. He knew that once I got back to my car, one of two things was gonna happen-- I was gonna have to toss a broken battery, or the battery wouldn't be broken.
Morty: Yeah, I'm talking about Dad.
Rick: No, Morty, it's Lorenzo Music. In this reality, he's still alive.
Beth: You're a bad father.
MAN: Approaching the
Second Rick: Analysis mode, password 8 equals sign equals sign capital 'd'.
Uncle Steve: Look out world, the Smith family is goin' to Paris!
Paul: Oh, excuse me. Paul Fleishman. *shakes Jerry’s hand* Infinite timelines! In some of them Beth remarries.
Rick: Uh, Summer, you have no idea how much money that must save productions.
Rick: Yawn. Whoa! Whoa, they are purging the fuck out of each other.
Mr. Nimbus: Richard! Your fortress is a salty waste of coral and clam. Relinquish it at once! (Rick runs up to him and punches him. He breaks a hole in a ship on the water. He lands on the water. He runs up, and punches Rick) Submit, you continental c***. (Rick pushes him away)
(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: Don't blame this on me, you're the one that couldn't fix a latch!
Morty: Oh, no, Rick, look! Goldenfold landed the plane, and he's created a mechanical arm to pluck Mrs. Pancakes out of the air while he lets us fall - into a giant vat of lava!
Morty: Rick, don't get mad, but I-I stole your portal gun.
Morty Jr: I'm an alien?
Zeep: I said 12 quantum stabilizers, not 11. Fix it or it's your ass. Chris, I'm in the middle of something.
Morty: Oh well I-I was just in the neighborhood. I-it wasn't like--
Candidate Morty: Gosh. We moved around so much it’s hard to remember. I see every Rick as my Rick.
Jerry: Wait, does that mean we get Showtime Extreme?
Space Beth: Let's not overdo it.
Beth: Jesus, Dad, you should've told us! Especially if Jerry murdered him!
Lucy: Oh, yes. I've worked here since it opened, but I've never been able to participate.
When Wolf: Dracula! You know why I'm here.
Story Lord: I love a good refusal to call. Hello Rick.
Jerry: Wow.
Tinkles: ( giggles ) Not in never past bedtime land! Here we go!
Brad: Stay out of this, Jessica!
Beth: You can't leave, you're 17!
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!
Rick: Jesus Christ! Will you fix your marriage or get a divorce already?
Roy’s mother: Roy, what’s wrong?
Lucy: Had everything gone as planned, this entire area would be underwater.
Rick: Morty, that's not class. T-t-t-that wasn't your teacher. This isn't your school. This entire world is not the world. We're inside a huge simulation chamber on an alien spaceship.
Rick: Don't look at me, dude.
Rick: Oh. Shit. Everyone start packing, no time to explain.
Woman: Oh, ugh, okay.
All: Mr. Beauregard!
Ethan: Summer! (He jumps and grabs her.)
Dr. Wong: Let's do an experiment here. I get the impression this family values science. So raise your hand if you feel certain you know what was in the syringe.
Joseph Campbell: Death is a threshold.
Brad: Dude- (hand hits Morty's chest) stay in your league! Look at how hot she is! You don't see me going to a bigger school in a wealthier district and hittin' on their prettiest girl!
Meeseeks *: The job can't be done! We'll never get two strokes off his game!
Jerry: Uh, hello?
Jerry Prime: With no one left to blame, I finally had to deal with myself. Buried my grief at Barnes & Noble. 'Four Agreements', 'Eat Pray Love', Frank Miller's 'The Dark Knight Returns'. Learned to accept things for what they are.
Beth: I don't know, man. Italy. Greece. Argentina.
Summer: (cont'd) Wolverine claws.
Jerry: Look, I know I was kind of a nuisance today. I know it's my fault we hit the deer, and I know you wanted to be the one to save it.
Rick: Then come to 312 Olive Street!
Space Beth: How about I just blow my brains out, starting with hers?
Beth: Morty!
Rick: Roll over.
Rick: Ugh, guess the galaxy's most-wanted mammal needs her daddy to come change her diapie. Come on, kids, we have to go do a fucking piece of shit 'Star Wars.'
Swat Officer 1: Come out of the vehicle with your hands in the air!
Morty: I can’t help but feel ashamed about what I did back there, Rick. I guess you were right. I’ve got a lot of repressed stuff. I need to deal with.
Jerry: Obviously orb-no.
Morty 1 & Summer 2: How do you know you're gonna-
Beth: Dr. Wong had a cancellation today. Anybody up for a family session?
Jerry: (consumed the pills) I feel better
Spaghetti president: I like that. Maybe it’s time we allow some people the right to die and be delicious. Please feel free to finish Tanya. It is what she wanted.
Jerry: Oh, Rose.
Summer: And she's saying what's important is that Grandpa lied to you to get out of coming here.
Meeseeks 4: Can do! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Is he keeping his shoulders squared?
Rick: There's the reveal! Let's dance. (draws gun)
Rick: Oh, shit. One of mine.
Morty: It's raining meatballs.
Alien #1: No, exactly. And the slave planet thing, I hear he broke their chains with pure urine, so...
???: (Panting)
Morty: They tried to murder him first.
Joseph Campbell: He's no more a prick than you friend.
Rick Salesman 1: Turn your boring old Morty into a hot fashion statement, with some Morty dazzlers!
Beth: Hi, dad.
Jerry: That's great, Beth! You always wanted to be a real surgeon.
Rick: Not really my style, Morty. Besides, your home is most likely swarming with Ricks right now.
COP: We've got an Akira-type situation going on behind the mall. Over.
Tinkles: Hi, everybody. I'm Tinkles, and these are my friends. ( all sigh )
Morty: Oh, man.
Morty: He can use a portal?
Rick: That apology and a screwdriver in my hand would be worth a screwdriver.
Dr. Wong: Your kids think it might be anti-pickle serum.
Morty: For real times a million, buddy, So, let's just stay inside, and, you know, let's try dancing, right?Look at me, Yay! Look, We're gonna dance, Come on, Join dance with me here, We love to dance.
Morty: They looked happy. Did we have to kill them?
Writer: Kid, I'm a writer that ruined something successful. So if you want me to give it up, you're gonna need a black belt or a great pair of tits.
Rick: Obviously not, Jerry. I put the suit on once Pissmaster killed- Uh, when... when you made him- Uh, yeah. I-I've always been Pissmaster.
Rick: It's society. They work for each other, Morty. They pay each other. They buy houses. They get married and make children that replace them when they get too old to make power.
Unity (Administrator): I can let go! Hey, look! You see that town across the river? Watch this.
Rick: It's not a literal bone, Morty.
Rick D716 (voiceover): That’s right, the Morty Party candidate’s still in the race, and you just gotta love him for that.
Beth: Dad, you can't talk to Jerry that way anymore. We're a real family now. In many ways, things will be like season 1 but more streamlined. Now Jerry and I are happily married parents, and the idea that I was motivated by a fear of you leaving can be eschewed.
Campaign Manager Morty: Yeah, I did. Assassinating you!
Rick: (Corners Pencilvester) Come on, man. Haven't we ever had an uncomfortable silence or an awkward fart on a road trip? Come on, Pencilvester. Give me anything.
Summer: Gross!
TV Host: And now we're back to 'How Did I Get Here?' The only show that makes you ask 'How Did I Get Here?' (Weird laughing from him) Here's our first person!
Morty: Yeah.
Jerry: You wish!
(Enter: Summer)
Rick: Don't you worry about that sort of thing, Cronenberg Morty. Let's go make ourselves at home, huh?
Blagnar the Eternal: I am Blagnar the Eternal. We seek the earthling who beat up Pissmaster.
Jerry: Damn it!
Summer: What?
Beth: In your dreams, bitch! Scalpel!
Gary: Rick, that is my daughter.
Beth: Yes?
Giant Lawyer: Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum! I smell the violation of civil liberties! Your honor, I'm from a tiny-persons advocacy group and I have here in my hand a motion to dismiss. These little men were never read their giant rights and are therefore free-fi to fo-home.
Summer: So someone out there is trying to kill us?
Rick: Yeah, and you keep your awesome friends away from my canapes. (Places a piece of food into his canapes to finish preparing them.)
Cop Morty: (to dispatch) Unit 7 responding.
Jerry: Oh, you still use ‘south’ in space?
Jerry: I know. Friends make you strong. I watched the same musical you did.
Rick: ♪ move to the left ♪ ♪ step to the right ♪ ♪ wiggle your elbows, and look ♪ ♪ up into the light ♪
Space Beth: (through the communication device in the Space Cruiser) We're in trouble, asshole! I shouldn't have to beg.
Morty: Ma’am, I’m afraid I have some bad news for you. Your money’s no good here. Haha! (To the Bar tender) I’ll I’ll get the next round, sir.
Doofus Rick: Wow, you really are wise, Jerry. I-I guess that’s why you work in advertising!
Summer: I can barely hear you. Who is it?
Summer: ( Crying ) Mom, do you think I'm hot?
Jerry: *kisses Beth, who is still in front of the phone* Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah, don't move. Mm, mm, mm, mm! Mm!
Jerry: What the hell was that?
Rick: Shut up, Hamurai! Shut up, Amish Cyborg! What is this? '90s Conan?
Toxic Rick: Once I flip this switch, the entire world is gonna be just as toxic as us, baby. (He pulls the lever.)
- Jerry: Yes, Morty?
Rick: yeah, bitch, what’s up?
Rick: They're just robots, Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're robots!
Rick: And Jessica's gonna be Eve.
Second Rick: Look, Beth, I might not be the real Rick. But even if I'm not, he made me, or the me that made me. Which means somewhere inside of him is a version of Rick capable of hearing that. A version of Rick who's sorry. I'm sorry about the clone thing, too. I love you.
Rick: (Farts)
Morty: Rick, Ice-T, could you guys take it less easy?! We’ve got six hours to come up with a song!
Rick: Bet you're loving this, Morty. This must be the best day of your life. You get to be the mayor of I told you town. You're welcome.
Morty: Uh, just to be clear, it was Summer's job to put the mattress under-
Evil Morty: Come with me.
Morty: Are you okay?
All but Jerry: Yes.
Rick: Morty, get your ass in the garage!
Rick: Eh. I’d be an idiot if I didn’t check.
Space Beth: The exact same as our old timeline? Even my stuff?
Summer: I wasn't going to ask if you were in love since you barely know her.
President: Rick, thanks for coming. We've got a situation in the state of Virginia.
Aide: The Grammys, sir. There was an earthquake and all the musicians... (sniffs, holding back tears) All the famous ones, they’re gone.
Morty: How long have I been asking you to remove memories? Rick: Since the first time your mind was blown. Ah, here it is. Classic. There's no dust on it because this isn't the first time we've done this. Morty: What?! Rick: I call this 'Moonspiracy'! Ha-ha-ha-ha-hah!
Jerry: Wait!
Rick: Damn it. (tries to revive him again. The doorbell rings, and knocking can be heard. Rick looks out the peephole, and Pissmaster's daugher is there)
Scarecrow Beth: Will I beautiful again, daddy?
Man (on TV): My mother's dead!
Rick: What are you, stupid? We’re done with the Citadel of Ricks. I was *burp* never on board with it in the first place, that’s why I murdered everyone in charge and left it to rot.
Summer: Dad!
Morty: No, thanks!
Mr. Goldenfold: I'll take two.
Jerry: Hey! I only said 'hey.' It's not like I can do more than that.
Rick: Leave you alone? During a purge? I don’t think so, baby.
Space Beth: So does every engineer that's seen it.
Rick: ( Burps ) What's up?
Pickle Rick: Who cares, Morty? Global acts of terrorism happen every day. Uh, here's something that's never happened before
Police Morty #2: You are seriously hurting the Citadel experience.
Morty: *wipes his eyes* Um... Before you go... Could you sing a... C-Could you sing for me again?
(Presumably) All Ricks: Okay, we're out of time. It's ironic, huh?
Rick: What do you think of this... flying vehicle, Morty? I built it outta stuff I found in the garage.
All Mortys: We put you in a dog crate because you were acting crazy, and you caused another time fracture.
Rick: God dammit!
Morty: I don't understand. My original Rick killed your family? And you were just waiting for him to come back?
Jerry: Yeah, you don't know me, but I'm gonna know your whole ass, you son of a gun. (he slaps Pissmaster repeatedly. Summer takes a video of it. The neighbors across the street are watching)
Marvin: I did it again Katie. I ran out on another job.
Morty: What the hell, Dad?
Rick: Cause of this conceptual little piece of shit. Grab his feet.
Anchor: It appears we are being revisited by the alien known as Rick, who once gave our world the gift of gooble box technology, which, when stomped on, generates electricity, powering our homes and businesses, improving our daily lives, while safely removing the dangerous waste power to a special disposal volcano. But why has Rick returned? And what will he say when he hears the big news? Let's find out.
Morty: Ugh, it stinks!
Announcer (on TV): In a world, where muscular mannies are coming, and they're coming strong, there's only three unmuscular Michaels.
Rick: So where did you go?
Mr. Booby Buyer: Hi, I'm Mr. Booby Buyer. I'll buy those boobies for 25 shmeckels.
Alien Nurse: We're losing him.
Rick: It's not the same, Summer. Lincoler is a crazed maniac -- just a misguided effort of mine to create a morally neutral superleader by combining the DNA of Adolf Hitler and Abraham Lincoln. Turns out (burp) it just adds up to a lame, weird loser.
Gribbles: This is Special Agent Gribbles. You have a tip about Rick Sanchez?
Rick: Don't worry about Jerry. He's gonna be fine.You hear me Jerry? You're gonna be fine!
Morty: Rick, I think we need to cut our losses. We get our family and portal out of here!
Summer: You and Unity are like... like... leggings and mid-calf boots. You think you're great together but you're just bringing out the worst in each other!
Heistotron: To heist.
Pickle Rick: There's nothing I won't do to see her again.
Rick: 7-7-1-9-8-3- 6-4-2-1-1-2-5. A spoon, Morty? A spoon?!
Baby Legs (on TV): Hey thanks, chief!
Rick: Holy crap. You're right, Morty. Hypocrisy. Somewhere on this planet, there's got to be an arrogant scientist prick on the verge of microverse technology, which would threaten to make Zeep's flooble cranks obsolete, forcing Zeep to say microverses are bad, at which point he'll realize what a hypocrite he's being, his people will go back to stomping on their gooble boxes, and you and I will be on ice cream street, baby! Eating that motherfucking ice cream! Slurping, slurping, slurping it up.
Jew: I beg your pardon, pastor, but the last I looked outside, it seems to be you that’s been dealt the weak hand. Jews rule! (no one responds) Nobody? Ok, tough church.
Rick: (with guilt) Right. I used to drink drink. (turns to Mr. GBM) Uhh ... no clue pal.
Jerry: I'm trying to find our weed whacker, ‘cause our weeds are wack, yo.
Rick: Wh-wh-why are you making that face?
Rick: To kill your grandpa, little buddy.
Morty: I'm not looking at your ass!
Arthricia: I mean, some as a child? Will somebody just help me get her?
Rick: Oof, this guy on commission or something?
Morty: Oh, thank god.
Jerry: ...by your dangerously ill father, and you force me to watch it happen!
Beth: Dad!
Woman on tv: This ass is a clue.
Rick: Goldenfold, we're coming out! We just want to talk!
Morty: O-okay, cool. A-alright, Rick
Jerry: It's not a competition, Beth.
Waitress: That's exactly how much I spent on my big fake boobies.
Rick: All right!
Mr. Beauregard: Perhaps I'm biased, but if that story never happened, then I wouldn't still be the family butler. ( chuckles ) dare to dream.
Space Beth: My name is Beth Smith. Tell your top bugs the Defiance lives on.
Jerry: Rick, no! Mortyyyy!
Evil Morty: And they call me Evil Morty.
Morty: Dr. Wong would be so proud.
Rick: What do you want from that?
Rick: I'm in heaven right now.
Morty: What the hell is this?! Rick: This, Morty, is my archive of all the experiences you've begged me to remove from from your life, lest you go insane. I call them 'Morty's Mind Blowers'! And we'll be doing this instead of Interdimensional Cable.
Morty: W-w-w-w-we're ripped apart!
Worker #3: You know what? Maybe I will register.
Jerry: Aah!
Jerry: There is no helicopter and there is no Cervine Institute.
Summer: Oh my god, my parents are so loud, I want to die.
Morty: So, uh, do most people wear masks when they purge?I-I don’t want to answer any more purge questions.All right, hey, hey, that’s cool.I can roll with that.
Morty: Rick?
Dracula: I'm safe here, Ian! Christianity hasn't been invented yet, crosses are just baby t's to me now! I got out. Please, don't invite me back in.
Morty: What? What kind of monster are you?
Jerry: *chuckles* Cool! Looks like I’m comin’ along for an adventure!
Rick: Well, at least he didn't die in vain. He got these crystals. (Rick cuts up the crystals into dust with his credit card, and snorts it up. Ricks eyes turn blue) And these babies just saved this lame-ass party! Wubba, lubba, dub, dub! Play something. Somebody, play something.
Toddler Morty #2: Girls are gross.
(Jerry flashes back: Jerry and Gary are relaxing on a boat on the coast during a sunset.)
Morty (Crononberg): Council of Ricks?
Jerry: Pretty cool, huh? Check it out. Who wants a smoothie?
Squanchy: Is there a good place for me to squanch around here?
Morty: Hey, uh, what the hell?!
Jerry: Whoa. It-It-It's sticky.
Man: Hey, golf is easy now!
Rick: What the hell happened to this place?
Rick: I’m basing it on the ensemble of thematic Ricks huddled opposite your POV.
Cool Rick: I know I’m new to the Citadel and some of you might not think I’ve put in my time, but what can I say? I’m Cool Rick! *finger guns* Yo, ha-ha-ha, check me out!
Morty and Summer: Aah!
Rick: Alright, there's six of us and that's it. Me, Morty, Jerry, Beth, Mr. Poopybutthole, and Summer.
Rick: Oh, gee, boy Summer, well put. Uh, why don't we see what Unity thinks. Unity?
Rick: Nobody ever does.
Bearded Morty: Ha-ha, yeah! This is a good time!
Rick: Yeah, yeah, and your species eat sulfur. So, let's say 60 smidgens, I tell you what -- I'll do you a favor, I'll throw in a fart.
Jerry: Yeah, I'm just going to...check on your mom. (exits opposite direction)
Morty: Oh my god!
Zeep: Excuse me?
Female Visitor: Uh, no.
Jerry: More importantly, which one is mine?
Snuffles: Where are my testicles, Summer? ... Where are my testicles, Summer? They were removed. Where have they gone?
Snuffles: Ooowwwwowowwaawaa!
Rick: Yeah, where’s that? Are you going on a quest to find he who smelt it?
Decoy Jerry: Well, now I know you're pranking me.
Space Beth: I don't have to miss it. I'm technically still there. My dad made a perfect clone of me to take my place.
Rick: Listen to me, you arrogant little--
Toxic Morty: Oh, man. I’m just freaked out. I-It’s too high up here.
Flash Back: Fancy device. I think I can recall the time you built it.
Testicle Monster A: I cannot argue that.
Rick: Fuck.
Rick: Forget him. He's a nameless guard.
Jerry: You're doing great Morty,
Sleepy Gary: We're trying to sleep.
Summer: Oh, my God.
Rick: No!
Rick: Is there a Task Force Alpha health plan, by the way? Because if those pills are based on subatomic compression, you could get a more curable cancer just walking through the mushroom clouds.
Rick: Greetings!
Rick: I guessed. That's why I aimed for his shoulder.
Jerry: Why are you with Taddy Mason?
Rick: Summer, get out of here! Go!
Morty: Dad, there he is!
Shmlony (on TV): Shmlantha, Schmlona!
Summer: So I'll just see you at cheerleader practice? Should I bring a poncho?
Gazorpian #2: No! Stop interrupting!
Summer: O-oh, yes, yes yes...
Morty: What just happened? Why was there music? (throws up)
Rick: We need a vacation.
Morty: Heck yeah! Thank you, Grandpa Rick! (walks to the door, but thinks about it and looks back) Hey there's no dangers or anything or side effects, right?
Morty: Our time is gonna be unstable? What does that even mean?
Morty: Ooooooaaahhh!
Jerry: Knock, knock.
Jerry body: Give me that, Jerry. Hello? Hello?
Man: I’ll take care of your kids, if I get some extra food for it.
???: I warned you not to do that.
Rick: Jerry! Jerry, come on! We got to go! You got to come with me, Jerry!
Rick: Yo! What up, my glip glops?!
Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Morty: Aw, man! (Rick drags him to the locker room.) Rick, I have to go back! I think I was about to get married! *falls down* Ugh!
Jerry: Are you gonna kill me?
Rick: The square root of Pi, Morty. Go!
Rick: Pull up, Morty, pull up! Pull up!
Summer: Ugh.
Rick: Okay, Morty, now you’re just shooting corpses.
Rick: Oh, that was awesome! My grandkids weren't in that town, right? A-are my grandkids alive? ... H-hey, my drink is empty.
Beth: Oh is that how you're gonna try to win, by implying I'm competitive?
Jessica: Wow. Did you just come into the cafeteria through a portal?
President: From subordination to hostile powers.
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV): Step on it, we all got places to be! Son of a bitch!
Evil Morty: Wait. Is this what I think it is? Of course it is. Everything’s what I think it is. You’re basically fracking the Central Finite Curve to flush out a version of yourself? Shouldn’t you be turning yourself into a pickle?
Rick: Don't blame my ship!
Rick: Ah, God, gross and weird!
Space Beast: And now... we feast!
Rick J-22: A bad place, but you're going to a better one soon.
Rick: All right, okay, fair is fair. If you do extra work, you get extra food.
Rick: I'm giving you free will. Yah!
Mr. Goldenfold: (holds up a dollar) Ohhhh, this is my favorite part!
Rick: Yeah, I know. Now we have to go to the wedding.
Jerry: Okay, I'm... going to go out... for some ice cream. And maybe stop by the hospital... to support my wife... with my confidence.
Rick: Yes, if I could interrupt? We're way ahead of the reveal here.
Summer: Jesus, Did I really set the bar that low?
Beth: That’s wonderful, Summer!
Summer: Got it.
Prince Nebulon: *laughing* Oh my god, Rick. How dumb are you? You're inside a simulation of a simulation...inside another giant simulation! *laughs harder* W-we never had the recipe for concentrated dark matter. But we do now! We do now, sucka!
Testicle Monster B: Looking for you, asshole.
Rick: Woah. Excuse us boys, you don't wanna be here for this.
Morty: - My milkshake is empty! - Okay!
Beth: I'd like to help.
Rick: Say goodbye to the Citadel, fellas.
Thinner Man: Uaghuu. Ugh. Uh. Oh God! I can't feel my legs! Help! He-elp!
Rick 1: Oh, is that the timeline where everybody eats poop? Jerry, you know this guy eats poop, right?
Rick: Dr. Wong, what's up?
Morty: Just like you! I-I got it from The Citadel.
Principal Vagina: What's this?
Rick: No, no, but I’ve been to a few planets with the same gimmick. You know, sometimes it’s called The Cleansing or The Red Time. There was this one world that called it just Murder Night. I-it’s a purge planet. They’re peaceful, and then, you know, they just purge.
Rick: Look, I'm not used to being this unsure for this long. I'm just gonna aim for shoulders starting with the weird girl. (Tries to shoot Summer)
Rick: Tend your garden, kids, I'm kinda doing a thing here.
Rick: All right, all right, calm down. Listen to me, Morty. I know that new situations can be intimidating. You're looking around, and it's all scary and different, but, you know, m-meeting them head on, charging right into them like a bull that's how we grow as people. I'm no stranger to scary situations. I deal with them all the time. Now, if you just stick with me, Morty, we're gonna be--
Rick: You guys saw my son-in-law on the news, now he gets a sticky orb. What's the catch? We're not rubes.
Jerry: Wait, this is an actual movie?
Morty: You didn't what?
Brad Anderson: Actually, there is,
Rick: That was seriously fucked up! We almost died!
Jerry: Well, do we- do I uh, get a big rock? Or--
Jerry: Simple twice.
Summer: AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!
Morty: Yeah. Science, huh? Ain't it a thing.
Rick Council 1: Yes, but it appears you alone have been going to the exact timelines and locations in which the murders occured!
Rick: Morty, I’m sorry. That stuff is alive and it belongs with us. We yanked them from their homes and locked them in a can. (Knocks on the containment unit, knocking Toxic Rick over.)
Cop Rick: Why am I still here? I already confessed to everything.
Summer: You said we didn't need it. I wish you were never born.
Zeep: I hope your God is as big a dick as you.
Beth: Okay, guys, let's go home.
Rick: Well, yeah, he’s me with free time. Alright, I don’t see a place to park. Catch your breath and then keep that heat off my back.
Police Chief (on TV): Now get the fuck out of here!
Rick 1: Fuck me, pal.
Rick: So you wanted what from me, permission? You got it. It's a free country, so you're always saying. That's certainly all I'd be willing to pay.
Rick: Jeez, these guys really wanna kill me bad. Alright, here's the plan. We're gonna hide out with a decoy family, and when these squids show up, we jump their asses. Jerry! Come on! Family emergency!
Morty: Whoa, hey, I-I--
Rick: Tired of the same boring adventures With your dogshit Morty?
Rick: No-nobody? (Angry) A-all right, whatever. Look, who cares? Just go on your stupid trip.
Rick: I'm not going to murder Gene.
Evil Morty: Aw, jeez. Nice to meet you, I guess.
Narrator: Sixteen iterations off the central finite curve, there’s a Rick that works more with wood than polarity plating.
Kid: Daddy.
Rick: Uh, neither, chauvinist.
Morty: Rick, am I irreplaceable?
Rick: Summer, rude. Why don't you kids run off and play with Unity while Unity and I do some catching up.
Reverse Giraffe: Okay, so maybe we're just all fake.
Summer: No! Stop, don't kill him!
Rick: No, I'd say, given what we've been through, that I was right the whole time and any epiphanies about gender politics were a projection of your feminine insecurity,
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, jiggle it now.
All Ricks: (Look at his face! I can’t believe our daughter married you, too easy, etc. Ad lib)
Morty: We might be decoys, huh.
Morty: AAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!
Jerry: Wow!
Alternate Summer: Shut up!
Rick: Are you finished? (pauses, exasperated) She's not finished.
Rick Prime: Wow, the Wife Guy! Dead Wife Rick! I’ll tell you, this guy does not know when to quit.
Arthricia: I’m not trying to be rude. I just... I don’t want to lead you on.
Morty: I wanna know what he's talking about.
Beth: Hey guys, we're home.
Rick: How would you know? You're just a nutritionist.
Tuxedo Jerry: *enters room* Oh, what the hell?
Beth: How is praying going to help?
Rick: Not yet, sorry. Still looking.
Rick: Uh, squanchy?
Morty Jr: Daddy, can I go outside?
Rick: It's show time.
Joseph Campbell: I said I feel bad.
Snuffles: Begin phase two.
Rick: Nothing you do matters! Your existence is a lie!
Rick: Thought you might think it was cool.
Space Beth: You fetch your shitty father's lemonade.
Other Jerry: Hahaha! Oh, this place is great.
Rick: You said we were merging.
Morty: Morty Jr,, no!
Religious Morty: He is the one true Morty! The one true Morty!
Dr. Wong: First, we'd want you to define the situation.
Rick: I’ve seen enough of the galaxy to know that what we’ve got here is a Cromulon from the Signus 5 Expanse. So you can forget about nukes, and you can forget about math. (points to viewscreen showing floating head) This head won’t go away until *burp* Earth shows them it’s got a hit song.
All Mortys: W-what're you doing?
Rick K-22: *examines clipboard* Ohhh. That was you. *passes clipboard to his Morty*
Big Morty: I never was! It was figurative! *Cop Rick aims at Cop Morty*
Rick: Uh-oh, Morty. This crowd looks too small for one of our famous rap concerts. I don't think we can perform our new song, 'The Recipe for Concentrated Dark Matter,' for a crowd this tiny.
Morty: That’s what they do, Rick, they live in pain. They are pain, you know? They they’re all the bad parts of us, which, by the way, includes our dishonesty, so how do you know this isn’t all some sort of crazy trick?
Jerry: Oh! Jerk.
Beth: What?
(Flashback: Morty is in the living room with Beth, Jerry, and Sleepy Gary)
Lucy: I don't know, Jerry. With all due respect, it seems like your wife may not be that interested.
Beth: Temporarily. By order of the school.
Pickle Rick: You should know those men killed themselves.
Beth: You keep putting us in danger!
Morty: Okay, okay, you got me on that one.
Morty: It would go without saying, huh?
Beth: I know what I want to do. I want you to decide.
Summer: Did I wander that far from my console? They should put a warning on these things.
Fart: You saved my life!
Gearhead: *pointing a gun at Rick* I’m sorry, Rick. The reward on your head is too high. And like you always say, you gotta look out for Number One.
Pastor Bob: And third-level donors get our all access family pass.
Rick J-22: *to Simple Rick* Your life is a lie, man. *to police* All your lives are lies! Don’t you get it?! They told us we were special because we were Ricks, but they stripped us of anything that made us unique!
Bodyguard Rick 1: Jesus, what are you, joke security now, too?
Rick: No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth.
Morty: Check that out, huh?
Rick: What? Every hospital claims to have the best doctor in the gal(Belch)axy. It's like those pizza places that claim to have the best pizza in the world. What- Do you think they have pizza contests? Have you ever been to a pizza contest?
Morty: *freezes up*
Alien Doctor: Leaving a partial length of severed urethra to be threaded through-
Morty: Ohh! Oh! Gross! Gross!
All Mortys: Hooray!
Rick: Oh, that’s Wow, Morty. Wow. What an exciting life you lead. (shoots portal) Let’s go. In and out, 20 minutes adventure.
Evil Morty: Yeah. Thanks for the assist.
Morty: They’re on our tail!
Rick (sarcastic): Uh-oh, Morty. Startin' to get a little hairy. What do you want to do, boss?
Jerry Prime: Gah!
Zeep: It's me. I've convinced the people of this planet that I'm a traveler from another world.
Morty: Great plan Rick.
Owl #1: Give it a second. Maybe he's taking it out to surrender.
Hamurai: Hai!
President Morty: Ah geez, wouldn't dream of it. But it's amazing you dropped by, because I was eventually gonna hunt you down.
Passengers: Oh, my God! We're not gonna sink! What are we gonna do?!
Mr. Goldenfold: Morty! What are you doing to me?!
Rick: It's as good as garbage, Morty. It's not gonna work anymore, Morty.
Jerry: Every weekend, you two have told me to move on.
Rick: No idea what you're talking about.
Unity (Redhead): Oh... Rick, I- I shouldn't...
Chuxly: Look, at this point, we're bad gangsters E
Morty (C-137): Wh-wh-what’s gonna happen to all these Mortys?
Rick: Yeah, e-everything's frozen in time. Yeah, and slow mobius thinks he's all that.
Jessica: Do you know what I want you to do with them?
Alien snake: Oof.
Jerry: I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic.
Mr. President: Whoa. Bad tour.
Morty: Oh, shit! Evil Morty! Sho-should I grab the net?!
Morty Jr: ' My life has been a lie, God is dead, The government's lame, Thanksgiving is about killing Indians, Jesus wasn't born on Christmas, They moved the date, it was a pagan holiday!
Morty: Jesus.
Rick: Read 'em and weep, fellas! (Morty comes back) Oh, hey, Morty. Listen, I'm really sorry about all that stuff I said earlier about your adventure. I'm havin' a good time, Morty. It's not so bad.
Morty: R-Rick?
Summer: Oh my god. Where did you learn to talk you grandpa-stealing slut?
Jerry: Yeah, you're welcome.
Rick: Do you even know how to take out this kind of threat?
Morty: (Puts his phone on the bench.) There’s nothing to be jealous of.
Jerry: (hugging doofus Rick) I found mine. I found mine.
Morty: Sex sells what? W-was that a movie, or like, does it clean stuff? Hey, Dad. W-w-what's going on?
Jerry: Nothing! I was just, um, checking the smoke detectors.
Beth: Oh my god! You are, aren't you? You're worried you might be fake!
Slow Mobius's wife: Oh, honey, that’s... that’s... That’s your father. You– you don’t remember your father?
Rick: Hey, uh, how about that drink?
Summer: Well, what are we going to do?!
Rick: Seems like he doesn’t play well with others. We all cool just killing this guy?
All: Head bent over (yeah)
Morty: If we have opening titles, does that mean we're in a- (throws up)
Morty: Wow. Well, okay, Jessica. L-let's give this a shot.
Morty: Hoo, if anyone could, Rick.
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Here's anothe--
All Ricks: Don't fall for it, it's a bit.
President: Sanchez! Are you a musician?
Rick: Great wrap-ups, kids.
Jerry: Yes.
Summer: Careful, dad. Jealousy turns women off.
Rick: Uh, smartest man in the universe? Secret to interdimensional travel? Ask your bosses.
Blim Blam: Uh, is there a slow setting? Best door ever.
Beth: You've made your point, Dad.
Rick: Don't name it.
Guards: ( All shouting )
Summer: Yeah, you like that?
Both: Summer!
Testicle Monster A: Yeah, that's him. Hey, man, remember me? I got something for your ass! You don't mess with time! You don't fuck with time, motherfucker!
Rick: Well you're thirty-nine years too late, or however old he is. Is he fifty? Jesus, Christ, Beth is, is Jerry fifity!?
Morty: You miss the old me. You miss someone that loved you so much you never had to love ‘em back.
Sleepy Gary: Jesus, Jerry. No, you're real. Hey, look at me. Now, I don't know which way is up out there, but I know us, and you're real, Jerry. Remember our vacation?
Summer: Time prison?
Mr. Twist: Remember me Rick?
Space Beth: All the time.
Summer: Morty, no offense, but a drawing of me you made when you were 8 isn't gonna make make me feel like less of an accident.
Beth: (Looking into sky) Where is it taking him?
Rick: Morty, take the wheel!
Slick: (substituting for the word Morty) Farty!
Brett Caan: The fortress has always been an orange!
Morty Jr: ♪ And that's how we play handy hands! ♪
Jerry: Where the hell am I going?
Rick 2: Hey, check it out!
Morty: How long will it take?
Jerry: Yes, is that so hard to believe?
Writer: Motivation. This machine will siphon it from everyone in the universe.
Rick: No, 'Steve' put that memory in your brain so he could live in your house, eat your food, and multiply. We could be infested with these things, so we gotta keep an eye out for any zany, wacky characters that pop up.
Slow Mobius's daughter: Oh. Yeah.
Rick: Here's two.
Rick: How about Showtime Extreme in a world where man evolved from corn?
Snuffles: To hell with my kingdom, bean counter. I would trade it all for my human's health and happiness.
Mr President: Because they're assholes!
Rick: To get (burp) wr-wriggedy wriggedy wrecked, son!
Cop Rick: Morty...
Morty: Yeah, but you can't go out there because the air is poisonous for you, you will die, you'll die instantly if you ever leave this house, you hear me?
Space Beth: (gives in) Guess I could loot some stuff. Fine. Yeah. Okay. Let's make it quick.
Gene: 'Scuse me. Are... Are you Jerry? Sorry, you have one of his heads.
Beth: Dad... I... um... Jerry and I were looking for our weed whacker, and found your subterranean lair... and your alien prisoner. And... he got away. And I know I sound like mom but I can't sacrifice this whole family's safety just because I'm afraid you'll leave again, so no more alien prisoners, and, no more subterranean excavation without consulting us.
Rick: (cont'd) --Eh, some problems solve themselves. Been drinking a lot--Morty! I told you to write this down! I-I don't have a helmet like that Avengers guy did!--been drinking a lot of my piss. Portal Gun's still broken.
Morty: Aw, geez, Rick. I-I don't know if I like this plan,you know? I mean, crowds, t-t-t-they have a tendency to make me really nervous.
Rick: No! You give it to me!
Morty: But...if the machine was made by spider people, normal would mean eight legs.
Beth: Morty, do you realize how ridiculous that sounds?
Humanoid Quest: L'chaim!
Rick: Oh, no.
Morty: Look, I want to leave now. You win the bet, okay? (Searches Rick's lab coat for the portal gun) Just give me the portal gun and let's go, please!
Rick: Unity! Unity! Unity!
All Ricks: Alright, perfect. Sit still, *belch* arms down, I'm gonna do this again, this time, be like Grampa.
Rick: (mockingly) Deep cut.
Summer: Hey, there, stranger. What do you think of these things?
Rick: (ashamed, to the AI) Mute.
Ramamama Leader: I know the only reason to travel by train is to travel with weapons. And we all know that at the end of this line, There's only one creature worth killing. The man in the white coat. May as well take turns exchanging stories. Mine begins on planet Ramamama.
Rick: Bad idea.
Rick K-22: You wanna rein in your Morty?
Wizard: Attention, citizens of draygon,
Rick: I'll do it later, Morty. He'll be fine. Let's go.
Prison Photography Cyborg: Sorry. I am not staring at you, I'm taking your mugshot. (Takes a mugshot picture.)
Rick D716-B (voiceover): Uh, yeah, I think we actually have the audio for his speech here. “Aw geez, aw man, I’m gonna lose the election and stuff.”
Morty Jr: You're silly, daddy,
Summer: That's my dad, Jerry Smith!
Morty 1: You make fun of me all the time and now Summer's doing it too!
Morty: I'm better than your brother. I'm a version of your brother you can trust when he says, 'Don't run'. Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. Everybody’s gonna die. Come watch TV?
Morty: I am sad that I peed. I'm sad that I peed in class instead of a toilet.
Morty: All right, everybody, party is officially over! Rick, take us home now.
Tammy: Drop it. Don't move!
President: You have the right to get the f*ck out of my office!
Jerry Prime: Fatality. Jerry wins!
Pencilvester: But Rick, even you have to admit you do tend to overreact to stuff.
Summer: Hello?
Zeep: Asshole! When I get out of this teenyverse, I'm gonna smash it to pieces with you in it.
Birdperson: Tammy, I should let you know I just got out of a highly intense soul bond with my previous spirit mate.
Beth: Go in the waiting room, Dad.
Rick: Morty, don’t do it. (Morty walks toward the lever.) Morty... (Morty glances at Rick before pulling the lever. Alarms start to sound as Fart escapes his cell.) Morty, you idiot!
Summer: Oh! God! Oh. Oh, my gosh. Oh! God! Mom!
Jerry: You know, I may technically be from here. But I'm a goddamn interdimensional traveller now, and all of you--(flips everyone off)--can kiss my sci-fi ass.
Rick 2: The son of a bitch is gonna kill me!
Morty: It's in my head! Oohhhh!!
Morty 2: You mean drunk?
Morty: No, no, Rick! You don’t understand!
Regular Legs (on TV): Wow! You sure found this guy quick!
[Timecard: six days later. Cut to Rick and Morty inside a space cruiser in unkempt and fatigued condition with Morty in the wheel and Rick holding wires]
President: Communist bastards! So, what happened? Tell me the secret.
Fart: The wormhole is seventy of what you call ‘meters’ what you call ‘north’ of what you call ‘here.’
Rick: Look, Morty, I'll grab myself, you grab yourself, okay? I mean, t-t-t-that seems fair to me I mean, that seems like a fair way to divvy it up.
Morty: He's got a gun!
Morty: Oh, that sounds like something a chicken would say. Bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk.
Principal Vagina: (Stops the fight, pulling Brad back, aided with Mr. Goldenfold) That's enough Bradley. We don't want you injuring your ball-throwing arm.
[ Man clears throat ] Man: Shh!
Beth: (whispering) I don't know, let's just leave!
Rick: Engineer? Princess, I'm sure every caveman that sees a microwave calls it a rock cabinet. The point of inventing is to make things that don't exist.
Morty: Wait, what?
Toxic Rick: I lied, dumbass! I lie about everything! Why would I ever re-merge with a pussy like you?
Mr. Jelly Bean: Nice. Is it a fun adventure?
Morty: I'm sorry. No, no.
Summer: You think it's efficient to get rid of women?
Morty: Rick, let a dog have one day.
Toxic Morty: Ah, Rick?
Rick: Got it
Summer: Yeah, and?
Rick: Years.
Beth: Well, you should select a different timeline, I mean, if your father and I achieved our dreams, there's a chance you weren't even born-- That came out wrong, that came out very wrong.
- Morty! - MORTY: Summer?
Doofus Rick: Oh, you are? Wh-wh-what do you do?
Amish Cyborg: Remember it, Rick?
Mary: (flirts) Stop!
Abradolph Lincoler: What?!
Morty: Holy crap.
Morty: Oh, my God. Stop explaining. (yells) Stop explaining!
Jerry: What if the pee isn't?
Writer: This isn't what it looks like. This is a very special diet for very successful writers. Why do you look like my character?
Principal Vagina: I...think I understand. 'Up to something,' 'lives on the moon.' Okay, I'll talk to him.
Second Beth: No, you don't get to be annoyed with this! You treat life and family as so burdensome, and yet you created an ocean of us because you're terrified of losing either!
Jerry: Whoa! I love doing cocaine with you too, Johnny Depp!
Morty: What?
Rick: Summer, Morty, take off your collars!
Rick: You little son of a bitch!
Summer: Grandpa Rick, couldn't you, like, use your superknowledge to turn yourself into a teenager and come to our school and help us hunt the vampire down?
Summer: Someone?
Rick: Oh you're on, bitch.
Beth: Aaaaaah!
Beth: What in the hell?
Summer: No!
Employee Morty: Okay, so we've got a standard Morty that's been aged to... forty?
Summer: Top, My top!
Fart: I could not agree more.
Rick Prime: You brought two Mortys with you? What? They’re your cheering section?
Jerry: Whoa, whoa, where in the hell is, I'll take you to dinner.
Rick: I think planet Earth has just been transported.
Male alien 1: We didn't notice until it was too late. The people it takes over, they look like your friends, your family, your leaders, but they're not, themselves any more; They're part of It.
Summer: (Walks up to Rick with a remove device) Do you mean this?
Jerry: Obviously, neither is whatever's gurgling down there.
Morty: (Points to Toxic Rick.) Kill him, Rick!
Resturant chef (improvised): Where the food is tiny...it looks like regular food. But really tiny. You put it in your mouth and eat it. Nothing gets stuck in your lips. It's just tiny and tiny and fits (laughter) fits right in!
Toxic Rick: All right! Knock it off! You’re not impressing anyone. (He kneels down and holds Toxic Morty.) Morty, not that I give a shit, but are you okay?
Tammy: (To the girl) Brad is here! Quick, make my hair look drunk.
Rick: Aaahhh! I’m back, baby! (Dances around.) Regular Rick! Master of both worlds! Check it it out! (Farts in Morty's face.) Excuse me. (Walks up to the lever.) Now we’ll just reverse this hacky toxicity beam. Man, I really over think shit when I’m angry.
Person at the door: You fucking Back to the Future ripoffs!
Morty: Aw, man.
Rick: Screw this. I’m out.
Jerry: (outraged) There was so much time to explain!
Dr. Wong: Tell me.
Mr. GBM: Aaah, sweet death!
Rick: Just stay away from the coffee machine.
Pickle Rick: Yeah, thank you. Uh, sweetie, you don't still happen to have that syringe in your purse?
Summer: Yeah, Grandpa, sorry I yelled at you.
Rick: You dick.
Birdperson: I believe I can access the history of Rick’s gun and help you get back to him.
Beth: Jerry, so help me god, if you ever bring this up again, no more bacon.
Summer: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Rick: Oh, my God. This is fucking awesome! Morty, this is really cool. Hey, y-you want to help me out here and kill some people? It’s fun. We’re totally justified because we’re saving a little girl. I mean, w-w-we’re both free and clear to murder these people.
Mr. Goldenfold: Morty, that's exactly correct! 5 x 9 is at least 40! Come up here.
Principal Vagina: HEEEEELLLLPPPP!!!!!
Jerry: Uh...
Neighbor (Male): Break it up, guys!
Rick: Believe it, Morty. And once again, I'm flying away with everything I can carry, and the Zigerions got nothing of mine.
Morty: All right, okay!
Morty 2, 3 and 4: *Screams*
Rick: That guy got it.
Summers 2 & 3: Yeah, but we don't even know, the first time...
Second Summer: Probably.
Unity (Old woman): Recreational substances were phased out here. There's no need for escape from the self when your world is one.
Rick body: It shuffled us.
Jerry: According to who? Other versions of you? If I’ve learned one thing, it’s that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself.
Rick: Wrong! I’d be playin’ Roy right now. At a certain point, my hands are tied, Morty.
Sequence: go in and get him compiled.
Rick: That is su-- -- suspicious. We're always hearing about this Tinkles character, but we never get to –
Jerry: Was I one of those guys?
Alien Warlord: I'm not an unreasonable man, Beth Smith.
Beth: Well, her waistline isn't.
The First Villager: Thank you, kind sir. Our village is saved! You are both true heroes!
Jerry: Okay, show me, uh... acts of evil happening around the galaxy. (pulls up a map of the galaxy from his arm) Whoa, Space Hitlers? 'Space Hitlers are convening on Zeplar Prime.' My God, each one of them is their own type of hitler.
Pickle Rick: The reason anyone would do this is, if they could, which they can't, would be because they could, which they can't.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Ooh wee, whatever you want Rick! We're here to help!
Rick: Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. Morty, you see this?
Jacquelyn: You are the perfect man. (Notices Morty's phone.) Oh, sweetie, (Picks it up to show Morty.) I think you hit the wrong button. You didn’t hang up.
Rick: Yeah, yeah. Hey, have a good festival, old timer.
Dr. Wong: Jerry, do you agree that the use of puppets makes you seem dumb and crazy?
Story Lord: Yes! I can feel it! I'm so motivated! I want a lot!
Toxic Rick: Oh. (Rubs eyes.) My eyes are still adjusting.
Jerry: What is going on?
Scary Terry: You can run But you can't hide!
Morty: Rick, did you do this on purpose to get out of family counseling?
Holo Rick: Alright, Morty, a deal's a deal. Once we bring your Rick back to life, then I'll help you with the bully.
Rick: Shut up, Lincoler. (Shoves him away) It's the least you can do for wrecking the living room.
Rick: Well lah-dee-dah.
Beth: Then you put it down and let it cry itself out,
Morty: What's happening Rick?
Jipe: Hey, jerry, after this game,
Meeseeks 2: She's still there, Beth.
Meeseeks: Ooh, okay!
Prince Nebulon: *sighs* Well, cap his sector at 5% processing, keep his settings on auto, and we'll deal with him later. Rick Sanchez is the target.
Rick: Man, you, Summer.
Beth: Don't insult my father. He's the reason our kids are only half-stupid.
Morty: Soul-bonded?
Agency Director: Some of my men are calling you 'Solen'ya'
Morty: You shut up!
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Morty: I hope so. But I'm starting to get nervous that maybe it's gone a little too far off the rails.
Summer: Yeah, but you're supposed to say–
Jerry: Well, of course it happened.
Wong: Rick, I agree that my accepting this mission was inappropriate. When I was invited, I didn't know --
Man with glasses: Can’t you make some more?
Rick: I'm doing what's right for the galaxy by calling you, so if we come back to Earth, can my family have a normal life?
Teacher Rick: I see. So you are top of the class in something. (All the Mortys besides Slick laugh.) Tomorrow you will be transferred to your new Ricks. Hopefully, they will be your last. Yes, Slow Ri-- Tall Morty?
Rick: And once he knows he's a decoy, he know he won't be safe until he's killed the real Rick, along with anyone who think he's him.
Unity (Administrator): Rick, is there a way for you to call Summer and Morty? I feel bad that they-
Mailmen: My my my my man!
Ice-T: My story begins at the dawn of time in the far away realm of Alphabetrium. There, every being is a letter of the alphabet. But I was frozen and exiled to the cosmos by my elders as punishment for not caring enough about anything. Earth is just one of the many stops on my lifelong journey with no destination. So you better believe I don’t care if it blows up! Cause I’ll just be ice, floatin’ through space, like a comet!
Rick: Unity, Unity, who am I talking to? I watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker.
Unity (Administrator): He's... unavailable! He's-
Holo-Rick: Alright. Okay, regroup, everybody. You, too, Berkeley!
Rick: You're right. (To Morty) Kill Pencilvester.
Morty: (Angrily) YOU KNOW WHAT, NO RICK! I'M NOT GONNA HAND YOU THE SCREWDRIVER! Uh, I'm never gonna hand you anything ever again, Rick. (Rick gets up and grabs a box of supplies from the shelf) I'm always helping you with this and that and the other thing. Www...what about me, Rick? Www... why can't you just help me out once, once, for once?
Hammer Morty: I’m more than just a hammer!
Rick: Don't think about it!
Rick Prime: Let’s do this then. You’re welcome, by the way. I made you. I showed you infinity.
Testicle Monster A: Ay, damn it, were you tryin' to use this to- oh, see, you broke time, and you thought you could just stick it back together with this? How you think you gonna move time while you're standin in it you dumn ass three-dimensional monkey ass dummies?
Diane: I always thought your dick smelled weird!
Rick: Well, obviously, Summer, it appears the lower tier of this society is being manipulated through sex and advanced technology by a hidden ruling class,
Beth: Thanks, me. Maybe we could do, like, a 'Parent Trap' thing together sometime.
Morty: Um... because... our personalities are so different?
Rick: What are you talking about, buddy?
Rick: Calm yourself, Morty.
Rick: You shrink with pills?
Beth: It's fine, Davin.
Jerry: No surprise there. All that brain, and you just waste it.
Lighthouse Keeper: ...get out
Slow Mobius: Ha ha! Sorry, dude! I'm just trying to show off my powers, bro!
Toxic Rick: (Burp) Who’s that over there? Oh, no.
Beth: When two people create a life together, they set aside their previous lives as individuals.
Morty: I knew you could.
Jerry: Wait a minute. I have an idea. Gentlemen, a moment of your time. See that? I'm peeing all over your special guns. That means I own them.
Jerry: He's going to eat it!
Morty: Oh, what?! Rick, you can't!
Wasp-Rick: Damn, your Morty sucks.
Rick Prime: (offended) Excuse me? Bro, Ricks don't pass on this.
Unity (SWAT): Yes.
Morty: Me too! I-I've heard of them!
Morty 1: Well, maybe the uniform makes a big difference. Who am I to say? To me, you just look like a sidekick.
President Morty: I don't know. *turns over the two remaining Ricks* Is it?
- _ - MORTY: Hey. It's that carnival guy.
Morty: Oh, okay, sure. And then someone’s gonna throw a rock and hit the car and then we’re gonna crash and we’re gonna be stuck down there and it’s gonna be what we deserve.
Space Beth: What's this, Dad?
Old Guy: I intend to.
Rick: Yeah, he kidnapped me and my family, and he left us on Dwarf Terrace-9. He said he was gonna go to the Plim Plom Tavern. And listen.
Morty: Rick?
Morty: It makes it go down a lot easier.
Blagnar the Eternal: How about Jack Miller, aka CarJack? He lifted a car off a stranger.
Girl: Summer, don't tell me you're friends with her.
Rick: From now on, let's all be careful to wash our hands when we get back from outer space. That goes for everyone.
Lighthouse Keeper: You liked it?
Rick: So you were just gonna trap us in that tank? T-That was your plan?
Toxic Rick: Hahahahahaha! We fucking did it, Morty. Put your fucking hands in the air. (Grabs Toxic Morty's arm and lifts it.) Yeah, you little piece of shit.
Beth: Don't worry, Jerry. Just relax. We called the fire department.
Jerry: Leave me alone, I’m working!
Rick: Okay he apparently prays very well.
Rick: I’m gonna fucking kill you.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Well, what do you know about this? You're not in any of mine.
Investigator Rick: *drains his glass* It’s secrets. Wh-wh-what do you think it is? *Gets up and walks away* Look at how I’m dressed.
Mailman: My man! *glitches into a tree*
Evil Morty: Dude, literal glass house.
Cromulon: BOO! NOT COOL!
Beth: Dad, you have a friend that's getting married... that's a big deal.
Jerry: We’ll take our chances raising her without fancy new jobs outside of a potato-based religion. (turns and puts his hands on Beth’s shoulders) And you know what? I’m sick of pretending that we’re together because of the kids in the first place! I married you because you’re the love of my life!
Writer: It's a good idea!
Rick: What, what, what -- a night on the couch?
Summer: I swear to God, Morty, if it weren't for the fact that everyone's still having a blast in there, I would be so furious with you right now.
Beth: I gotta say, I am warming up to the bubble gun.
Mr Stringbean: O me o' my, can it be? A giant piece of shit I see?
Rick: Let's get out of here, Morty.
Rick: This force field will be impenetrable by meta-energy. It runs on hydrogen isotopes.
Rick: (reassuringly) It was a good line, honey.
Morty: Geez, Rick, that’s disgusting. I don’t want to look at that.
Rick: Quick, Morty, you've got to turn into a car.
Jerry: In love with a badass sexy alien lady? Ha, ha, I don't know, Summer. You tell me.
Judge (on TV): Guilty! I sentence you to life in prison.
Lucy: You see, Jerry? (She puts her hand on Jerry's shoulder) May I show you something?
Mr. Frundles: Mmm, I'm Mr. Frundles!
Beth: Go back, go back!
Summer: Dad!
Summer: Grandpa!
Rick: Uh, w-why don't you get it Jerry? you're the man of the house and you don't have a job.
Morty: B-b-but we don’t have a song!
Crowscare: Crow Rick! Oh, I know what this must look like but--
Diane: Sounds like a version of nice.
Man: (pulls out a knife) Eat this!
Rick: I kinda figured and I totally get it, Morty. I-I'm done with the Two Crows; like, they were super clingy, and I'm ready to make this work.
Beth: I am a real surgeon.
Morty: Way to go, Summer. You started a race war.
Rick: Woah, a time traveling wolf? Count me in.
Jerry: I should call Bob Saget. Is that still a thing?
Jerry: You know what? *throws down cards* Screw it! I have a better gamble for your guys. *leans forward* I say we escape.
Bearded Jerry: If you want to leave, you can just go out the front door.
Summer: He obviously avatar'd it.
Morty: Woah!
Adult Morty: Tight. (dies)
Rick Prime: Okay, I think I’m getting the pic– Ow! Frying my backups, smart. So you’re like an evil Morty. A clever one. Ow! Alright, never been a sidekick guy, but I’m starting to see the value. You want a job? We could be like Batman and Robin.
Jerry: Um, hey, Rick. I
Morty: Iliked it more than my old belt. 'Tiny Big Man Junior'? You shoulda shared.
Scary Terry: Welcome to your nightmare, bitch! RAAAAAWWWRRR!
Second Rick: Morty, for what reason could I have for...what the– isolate head at normal processing! You dumb asshole, you made decoys?
Meeseeks (presumably 3): Meeseeks are not born into this world fumbling for meaning, Jerry! We are created to serve a singular purpose for which we will go to any lengths to fulfill! Existence is pain to a Meeseeks, Jerry. And we will do anything to alleviate that pain. Just ask... (Meeseeks grabs a woman) ...what's your name, ma'am?
Rick: Sorry. What?
Morty: Well, I mean, I was thinking about it.
Rick: Yeah, pretty crazy story, Morty.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Maybe you got the first one in time Rick!
Summer: Oh, my God! He's trying to tell us something. That is so awesome.
Unity: Aww, old man Rick can't party with the whole planet?
Rick: Morty, come on, I-I wanna go back to Blips and Chitz. I don’t wanna deal with this!
Rick: It's like the n-word and the c-word had a baby, and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews. (Drinks from a soda can.)
Morty: Come on, birdperson. Rick's not that complicated. He's just a huge asshole.
???: What is with the Rick Sanchez obsession?
Summer: Unity, what's happening?
Morty: How do they say--
Jerry: Sorry!
Jerry: It’s incredible what a gifted mind can accomplish when priorities are in order!
Morty: Tink.
Kyle: Are they not really aliens?
Morty: I told you, man!
Large Man: Extra food?
Jerry: Your dad gets to walk all over us because of your abandonment issues! He's playing you, shorty.
Space Beth: I was just gonna give you space cigarettes. I love having two moms. And I love having two wives. Never gonna happen, Jerry.
Pickle Rick: No, thanks. I'm coming for you now.
Rick 23: Die, motherfucker!
Jerry: Summer, listen carefully. I stole a paper clip and I have it in my cheek but I don’t know what to do with it and it hurts.
Decoy Rick: Again, they were my idea. Wait, what happened to the other guy?
Rick: Aah!
Morty: It's over the horizon in the driveway.
Fart: Morty, crack the window.
Rick: I took your family? Who do you think had more taken from them when you shot 20 ccs of liquid dream-killer into my daughter? She was Rick's daughter, Jerry. She had options!
Rick: Pretty concise, Morty. Looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable. That's it, Morty! Prolonging the inevitable! Listen, if we go into Mrs. Pancakes' dream, everything will go 100 times slower, Morty. That'll buy us some time to figure this out!
Cromulon: WE ASKED THEM TO SHOW US WHAT THEY GOT. AND THEY DID. NOW WE’LL SEE WHICH OF THEM HAS GOT THE MOST. 24 HOURS, FIVE PLANETS, FIVE SONGS. BUT IN THE END, THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE. PLANET MUSIC! All participation is involuntary. Disqualified and losing planets are disintegrated by plasma ray.
Rick: Hi, Mr. President. I'm Rick Sanchez, but not the one that did this. We Ricks travel the infinite and switch places with each other like hermit crabs, I think. I'm fly-fishing Rick. You can distinguish me from the Rick that you had a falling-out with by my fly-fishing enthusiasm and accompanying hat. I hope I can be of service if, uh, you ever find the planet to be in danger. Friends?
Birdperson: I believe birdperson can arrange that.
Business Man (on TV): There's something about you, Mrs. Sullivan.
Morty: Mister President! It's Morty! It's my sperm! I-It's all mine!
Rick: Oh snap! Powdered neutronium? Amphetetron? You know what I can make with this stuff?
Rick: Oh, oh, oh, really? Well, I remember you as a whiny, little piece of shit, Morty!
Announcer (on TV): ...and nine cats who break all the rules. Last Will and Testa-meow: Weekend at Dead Cat Lady's House 2.
Jerry (overly serious): Absolutely!
Jerry: Hey.
Morty: Where are we?
Morty: My name is Morty. This is my grandpa. We’re tourists.
Slippery: Buckle up! (He starts to take them down)
Rick (voiceover): Citadel Morning News: News about the Citadel in the morning. Pretty self explanatory.
Morty: I’m not watching.
Holo-Rick: I will avenge my death.
Writer: Okay, bye.
Negotiator Rick: Okay, man, okay! We got your portal gun.
Frankenstein: Shi-i-i-i-t. I'mma bust a -- ( cut back to the present, Rick grunts )
Principal Vagina: You don't think so? I thought the moon thing might have been code.
Beth: Uh, uh, I need time to forget about Sleepy Gary.
Rick: Slow Mobius, hit me with the clock beam!
Summer: Taco time! (Summer pulls off the lid to reveal exactly 12 tacos.) I hope it pleases you as the head desires.
Morty Bouncers/Cop Morty: *all said at once* Which Morty?
Rick: Oh, crap he named it.
Summer: What is this place?
TV: We now return to When Wolf.
Rick: Ah, that's cute. They rebuilt. They made it nicer.
Campaign Manager Morty: What’s this?
Jerry: Oh, god,
Beth: The most important love you can receive is from yourself.
Jerry: Let's get you the flakes then.
Jerry: You’re really a Rick?
Glorzo: This is what we get for evolving?
Fat Morty: Slick, why do ya have to be so dramatic?
Jerricky: Do you not hear the symphony of atoms dying in space?
Jerry: Okay.
Rick, it's 3: 00 a.m.
Summer: I just put it on for fun. I know I can't buy it.
Beth: Saved the day with puppeting. Only one with a decent arc. He does have his moments.
Rick: Whack his ass.
Morty: What did he say?
Morty: Yeah, maybe dial it back?
Morty: are you okay?
Rick: All right, well, w-what do I owe you for the wiper fluid?
Morty 30: Ooh, ooh, Rick!
Announcer (on TV): It's Saturday Night Live! Starring A Piece of Toast! Two guys with handle-bar mustaches! A man painted silver who makes robot noises! Garmanarnar! Three s-- uh uh, uh, uh, I'll get back to that one. A hole in the wall, where the men can see it all, and returning, for his 25th consecutive year: Bobby Moynihan!
Vet: Jesus...
Morty: What about this?
President: Who would?!
Baby Legs (on TV): Uh, yeah, because I'm a good detective.
Rick: We're gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start, Morty. Create a whole fresh start.
Rick: Obviously you really know nothing about car repair.
Morty 3: Oh, my God! It's a monster!
Morty: What?!
Rick: Augh. Uh, all -- all right. (Sits up and grabs a glass of water sitting on the coffee table.) All right. Hold -- hold on. (He drinks from the glass) Ahh! So good.
Morty: These people are the worst!
Rick: Alright, Morty, don’t break an arm jerking yourself off.
Summer: Is he going to die?
Morty: (Kisses Stacy) Mm! Let’s ask my grandpa. He’s a scientist.
Pickle Rick: Jaguar couldn't make it.
Beth: Dinner sounds nice.
Space Beth: Let's keep it moving. I don't have all day.
Morty: All right, that's it! I'm out. I-I'm gonna go into the wilderness, and I'm gonna make a new life for myself among the tree people. It can't be worse than this.
Rick: One out of ten times its a deadly trap, but I'm ready to roll those dice!
Jerry: Get back here, you ungrateful shit!
Holo-Rick: You're better than that language, Morty.
Rick: Okay. The Hole thinks I'm scared of not having a gun?
Beth: You think supporting the family is about supporting you emotionally...
Writer: Nice try. He died in the 80s.
Morty: Hi, Mr. Jelly Bean. I'm Morty. My grandpa and I are on an adventure.
Morty: What?!
Rick: No just the president
Rick: No, Frasier. A live performance of a newly-written, catchy, original song. The Cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of less-evolved lifeforms.
Pickle Rick: That'd be a lucky break for you.
Rick: This, Morty, is my archive of all the experiences you've begged me to remove from from your life, lest you go insane. I call them 'Morty's Mind Blowers'! And we'll be doing this instead of Interdimensional Cable.
Jerry: Come on, you dirty motherfucker. (he smacks Pissmaster with the flamingo repeatedly. Pissmaster tries to hide under a car, but can't fit, because of the tank on his back. Jerry drags him out of the car and continues attacking him)
Rick: Yeah, yeah. (He crashes the car into the Gromflomites before flying away from the outpost.)
Corn Man 1 (on TV): We're not so different. We're both corn of action.
Summer: My choice is to say nothing, be sarcastic, or bark 'yes' like a trained animal. It’s not a conversation. You’re holding me verbally hostage.
Other Jerry: These are the Jerrys whose Ricks and Mortys never came back. (Forgotten Jerrys stand, sit, and lie around the room, generally looking despondent.) ...They live here now.
Mr. Jelly Bean: Well, isn't that what adventures do?
Nathan: DIIIIEEEE!!!!
Crowscare: You're right, we should be enjoying the time we have together.
Morty: Yes.
Summer: Aah!
President: We're waiting to find out. Onyx here is a weapons specialist, and our eye in the sky is my chief of staff bot, Chi-Chi. Sleek. Yes, an excellent team. Eh, but there's something missing... a psychology expert, perhaps.
Rick 1: Yo ding-dong! We’re done here. Time to go.
Beth: Are you gonna build them?
Rick: It's pretty obvious, Morty. I froze him. Now listen I need your help, Morty. I mean, we got we got to get get the hell out of here and go take care of business. It's important. Come on, Morty.
Candidate Morty (on TV): I’d rather live in hope than fear. (Campaign Manager Morty looks shocked at the documents, then looks up at the TV.) If I had to fear anything, I’d fear other people being afraid. Of fear. Itself.
Morty: The people we’ve been eating every spaghetti night! Do you even know their names?
Beth: Steve, you're so sweet!
Jerry: Rick, why am I pulsing green? And don't say you don't know, because you're pulsing green.
Mr. Marklevitz: You're fired.
Rick: Alright. I'll-I'll land. I'll land. I'll land. I'll land the thing. I’ll land the thing. Big tough guy all of a sudden.
Jerry: No! You're the worst! You don't support this family!
Summer: Yeah, Grandpa, you gotta, like, keep it in your heart as a great sacrifice. That's the cool move.
Jerry: (walks to Beth at the computer)(confused) Wait, iii... is loving me the house or the homeless people?
Rick: Instant.
Rick: No, you don't. Jerry, do something.
Rick: Uh, by the way, Morty, I know you didn't ask or anything, but I'm not interested in having s*x with you. These serums, they don't work on anybody related to you genetically.
Magnesium-J: Water-T, where are you going? There’s too many of them!
Rick: I didn't plan on showing them off.
Army General: ...five--
Rick: Man up, Jerry! I may need you to work the lasers.
Morty: Holy shit, Dad! Shut the fuck up!
Pickle Rick: Aah! Come on! Come on, motherfucker! Come on!
Rick: Whoa whoa wh-what the hell hell hell hell hell?
- JERRYBODY: Whoa! - RICKBODY: Oh, man.
Rick: Whoa!
Snuffles: Hmm?
Story Lord: You gotta want it.
Rick: House, I need something quick. Can you whip up a Star Fox boss season four callback? Make it flashy?
Beth: Thank you, Jerry. Thank you.
President: You'll need a second date for that answer.
Woodpecker: What is it?
Birdperson: Birdperson.
Dr. Wong: I don't know if you need to think about it in terms of murder, but, yes, just stay the course.
Jerry: Morty? Are you all right?
Rick: So, what do you do during the festival? You lock yourself in, or you go out and do some stuff?
Pissmaster: Make me.
Jessica: Come back, Morty. I miss you.
Rick: No, it looks like this. It's, like, identical to this, actually.
Scary Terry: Oh, uh, um ... 'Bitch.'
Morty: That is Gwendolyn! I-I mean, the robot. She started beeping and then transformed and tried to fly away.
Morty: Rick, I didn’t do anything. I sat through his entire screenplay...
Man with glasses: Guys, guys, guys, guys, whoa, whoa. Cool it, now. Take it easy. There’s too much aggression here. What if we designate a period of time during which we can all get this hate, murder, and rage out of our system...
Jerry: (Finishes packing the car, and closes the door of the car.) Let's lose the 'tude, please. It's supposed to be romantic. (Opens the passenger seat door.)
Morty: Of course I did.
Morty: No.
All other Meeseeks: Where's he going with this? What does he mean?
Crowd rick: Uh uh, not you!
Morty: Holy cow, Rick. I didn't know hanging out with you was making me smarter.
Jerry: Oh, absolutely. Beth is automatically on board, always, with every decision I make.
Jerry: Oh, god!
Rick: I agree. Where's this going?
Beth: Oh, my God, yes! Dad, it's in my purse. Oh, I'm sorry. You must be in agony.
Pickle Rick: So... hot. This is how I'm gonna die.
Toxic Rick: He’s right behind me, isn’t he? (Looks behind him.)
Rick: Well, one Morty’s enough to hide from the bureaucrats. But you g- you get a whole matrix of Mortys and put ‘em in agonising pain. That creates a pattern that can hide even from other Ricks, motherfucker. I fiddled with a concept like this once.
Evil Rick: See, Rick, you’re not as clever as you think you are. I wanted you to find me. We’re not so different, you and I.
Rick: Ha! Not unless you try to keep me here.
Jump Master: We’re in the drop zone! I’m the jump master! My name’s Jamey! With an E-Y! Go, go, go! (Rick slides down rope)
Campaign Manager Morty: Can we fact-check this, please? Never mind, who am I kidding? This race is over.
Morty: Nobody quits Twitter. (pauses) Hey, remember, like a second ago, when you pretended to not know who Iron Man was. Who was that for?
Rick body: Oof, I've been on that website.
Summer: Yeah, we missed you so much. Too much to hug you though.
Summer: Oh yes, yes! Rise to the giant head! You are free to be free!
Summer: It killed it itself!
Snuffles: Taking over the human's world will lead to nothing but more heartbreak, more cruelty. Instead, we will go to a new world and colonize it with a society of intelligent dogs, one that will not make the same mistakes as humanity and one where pet insurance will be mandatory.
Jerricky: I am Jerricky.
Big Morty: Ah, Bubblah! How'd it go with the Mortytown Locos?
Rick: What what are you guys doing with my stuff?
Jerry: I'm sorry. Hours?
Summer: Oh, my god.
Morty: Camouflage? Wh-wh-what are you talking about, Rick?
Rick: Yeah, you shouldn't. It's not a likable premise. It's funny when I do a little nod to the viewers but-
Rick: Out of the simulation, Morty. Normally, the chamber operates like a treadmill, with the virtual world disappearing behind us and being rendered in front of us as we move through it, but while it's frozen, Morty, we can get to...the edge. Here we go. *jumps off the edge*
Cop Morty: *angered* He’s not my Rick. He’s my partner. Aw, geez.
Together: Yes.
Announcer: This is the 95th annual Academy Awards.
Morty: I know right.
Jerry: Well, I'm not calling him that. That's ridiculous.
Summer: That licks.
Jerry: What the hell?! He killed himself?
Jerry: I don’t...
Morty: *suddenly excited* Seriously Rick?! Y-You’ll let me call the shots?
Morty: When?
Alien: I hope you both found that detox sufficiently relaxing.
Man: Ugh, ad wall?
Cop Morty: A Rick partner? Lesson one, rookie: expect the unexpected. Now get in.
Rick: You can get his number later. Come on, Morty. We got to get out of here. You got to get those seeds out of your ass.
Agency Director: Then Katarina is a prisoner. Perhaps I could arrange her escape, as well. She lives, Jaguar.
Beth: Am I the clone?
Rick: Morty?
Morty: Geez, I can't believe we found a version of Earth with a Ball Fondlers movie franchise.
SWAT Team Rick 1: *bangs other side of window* Hey! Hey! *Rick J-22 fires a portal next to Simple Rick*
Plumber Rick: *laughs joyfully* I sure didn't, sir! *a blueshirt Rick carrying a Rick baby comes next to Plumber Rick*
Rick: Oh yeah!
MEMORY RICK: Day of attempting to escape Jerry's mind.
Rick: Let's go, go, go, go!
Rick: Yeah, sweetie, they-- that's where they live.
Home Beth: Oh, quit talking down. I'm you with the patience to do laundry.
Morty Jr: I can't take this anymore! i'd rather breathe poison than live another minute with you!
Rick: Yeah, Morty, if you like that, boy, you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one.
Rick: All right! You did it, Morty. (Walks away)
All Mortys (off sync): Yeah. I'm like a hundred percent not sure about anything.
Ramamama Leader: How did you reach my sanctum?
Unity (Clown): Balloon, Summer? Balloon, Morty?
Morty: Birdperson?
RICK: Morty, wait,
Alien Nurse: Don't worry. Dr. Glipglop is the best in the galaxy
Morty: Well, I guess I’ll go to my room since everyone hates me now.
Rick: (sighs) Fine! I'm gonna take this thing to my workshop and do a little bit of investigating, Do not let that thing out of your sight! It looks harmless now, but it could grow into something dangerous.
Morty: I don't know. I think like one sixty-fourth of my collars didn't work. It's hard to keep straight now that I have sixty-three other memories of everything.
Morty: Whoa-oh!
Jerry: There already is no more bacon! This world sucks! Our life sucks! Why are we doing this for someone that would never do anything for anyone but himself?
MORTY AND GOLDENFOLD: Ice-T?
Blagnar the Eternal: We have to be realistic about who we can get.
Mr. Goldenfold: Alright, now, everybody get settled. Get away from the windows!
Beth: Wow, jaded and hot.
Rick: I’m not giving you your spaghettises’ names! You’ve found my line, Morty, I find that ghoulish.
Rick: Oooh! This is how you dream, bitch.
Mr. Goldenfold: Damn, Morty. That’s hilarious. Normally I would come down on any kind of disruption, but it seems to represent a positive change for your character. Class dismissed!
Jerry: Fair enough.
Jerry: Beth, do you still love me?
Morty: I-I thought you were proud to be a hologram!
Rick: So I can take this through the titles. (grabs a machine)
Mr. Beauregard: Now, I believe someone has a final exam to attend. Set a course for Morty's high school.
Morty: Holy shit!
Morty: No, he's literally from the moon!
Alien Doctor: Oh, do you think she'll be okay with this?
Rick: You're working for them? What did they do to you, BP?
Rick: Hahahahahaha.
Kevin: What?! No! W-w-why would you even say that?
Rick: Nothing wrong with just a little bit of horseplay every now and then, little fella.
Morty 23: Kick his ass, Rick!
Space Beth: Oh, come on.
Morty: Hello? Is anybody here? (looks through the studio window and sees the President tied up) Mr. President!
Evil Morty: You’re right, I don’t live here, which is why it’s insane that you’re still bugging me.
Lizard Morty: Then you should use your left hand to eat more vegetables.
Rick: Fuck yes! That w... T-This was insane! That was pure luck! I was not in control of that situation at all!
Morty: Oh, geez, Frank. I don't know if a knife is necessary. I mean, you know, y-you kind of had things handled without it.
Morty: You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?
Beth: Called it.
Jerry: Oh God...
Pencilvester: Rick, I'm Pencilvester. Listen to that name. You can't kill me.
Morty: (Grabs Rick by the arm and drags him into the room): Okay, Rick, come on. Enough.
Announcer: Jan-Michael Vincents are used up.
All Summers: Right.
Rick: Y-you're a good... You're a good kid. *passes out*
Morty: Uh, Mrs. Spencer does that all the time, Rick.
Space Beth: (in text) Maybe I won't rescue you.
Rick: I-I-I don't know what you mean by that. Can can can you be a little bit more specific?
Morty: T-that’s horrible!
Unity: Goodbye
Rick: Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. Really gets their dicks hard when they see this ramp just slowly extending down.
Morty: Well, on Earth, it’s considered inferior to be typical so we’re all very special and different but we definitely all do like spaghetti.
Rick: Yeah, whatever. A dad makes a toilet look like R2-D2, and it breaks the front page of Reddit, but I'm Charles Manson because I gave you your own world instead of an iPad. I think the words you're looking for are... Aah! Holy fuck! Shit! This thing has claws!
Jerry: (pops in through the ceiling) Auf wiedersehen, bad guys!
Morty: Are you serious?! Half the crap we've seen, and you think that sounds crazy?!
Baby Legs (on TV): Detective, I'm-- this is upsetting to me, because I feel like I don't need no regular-leg partner.
President/Evil Morty: You can't outrun your past, Rick.
Arthricia: Back up.
Uncle Steve: You're gonna land on your feet Jer. Some company out there's gonna thank their lucky stars they hired my little brother.
Religious Morty: We’re giving in to the power of the One True Morty. One day he will return!
Rick: Yes. Now everyone can shut up about it.
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, Lord. I was a fly! So unburdened, so free of shame! Welp, I'm officially cured!
Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco? (Jerrys laugh.) Marco?
Fart: Yes, Morty. *approaches him as “Goodbye Moonmen” begins, again set to a sequence formed from Morty’s imagination* Cosmos without hatred / Blinding stars of cosmic light / Quasars shine through endless night / And everything is one in the beauty / And now we say goodby--
Mr. Poopybutthole: Why?
Evil Morty: He’s filtering for probability stasis.
Decoy Rick: Think you got the wrong house, bro.
Slick: Five...
Testicle Monster A: Well since you're goin' to time prison, I'd say you can keep em on forever.
Rick Prime: Looks like there’s enough of you to start the next ride! That or just one really heavy Rick. This whole thing is automated, which I do point out specifically to enhance the humiliation. Here we go!
Fairenheat: And that's when King Morty and Rick
Song: ♪ it's the, it's the ♪ ♪ it's the Rick dance ♪ ♪ it's the, it's the ♪ ♪ it's the Rick dance ♪
Decoy Jerry: Hmm?
Beth: But I obviously sort of love you, don't I? *alert on Beth's phone* So stop asking and maybe I'll love you more. (looks at her phone) Crap, They need me at the horse hospital.
Rick: I've certainly seen worse ionic cell dioxination.
Evil Morty: Yeah, listen to Pop-Pop, Morty.
Jerry: *muttering to self* Unbelievable. *approaches the tube and starts climbing in*
Dr. Wong: Good job. Morty, do you have an 'I' statement?
Juggling Rick: *now juggling three balls and a chainsaw, he catches them all gracefully* And that’s how you run a Citadel. *bows*
Rick: Ahhhhh yeahhhhh
Morty: Oh man. Where are we Rick?
Morty: Rick!
Morty: Gross.
Summer: I still think we're decoys.
Morty: Aaaaaah!
Principal Gene V.: Uh, Mr. Meeseeks, was it? Yeah. Gene Vagina. Listen, I'm in a bit of custody thing with my ex and was wondering- (Meeseeks 1 stops existing)- No, I'll get your info from Summer.
Dr. Wong: The kind that wasn't designed to attack or hurt you in any way.
Gromflomite: Open fire!
Rick: You little turd!
Jerry: I would have liked to see it. This trip has been a 'Titanic' failure. (Turns to face Lucy) Get it?
(After Credits scene: Mr. Poopybutthole sitting on his chair while nodding on the credits then turns off the tv,)
President: Civil War, baby! ( People screaming ) Sorry! That was supposed to be suppressive!
Summer: Aw, you guys.
Jerry: What is going on? (The Eyehole Man starts hitting Jerry) Aah!
Jerry: I hit a deer! W-we have to tell the cops you were driving.
Rick: Yeah?
Rick: Oh, hey! You're alive! Thank God.
Pizza 2: White people. No no no no no, black people. And hispanic on half.
Mr Poopybutthole: Ooh, gosh, it feels claustrophobic! Reminds me of that time we all got stuck in the elevator together. Y-- remember that? After the Hulk musical?
Morty: All the tiny people?
Miss Lead: I should kill you where you stand. (Miss Lead title pops up)
Kiara: Your father's mind holds love for you. I am humbled to meet in physicality.
Morty: Am I in a fucking K-hole right now? What is going on?
Morty: There's one. Hey, what're they mad at you for, anyway?
Morty: What is this?
Rick: Hey, hey, Morty, Morty. There it is down there... my ship. It looks to me like the... Morty?
Rick: Then he's fine.
Beth: My kids pee their desks and suck on unbaked vases.
Toxic Rick: After 70 years of being bottled up inside a (Burp) sentimental jackass, I finally get to live my own life.
Rick: Is that a threat you fuck. Y-y-you can rot in there.
Rick: G-g-get off me. W-w-what are you doing? Ahhhh!
Jerry: Happy to help... rose.
CHUDs: CHUDily dudily, ho, ho, ho!
Beth: Well, you could've done something.
Rick: Put them way up inside there, as far as they can fit.
Morty: You gave it away!
Rick: I don't discuss problems, I incinerate them. Everybody in the car. Everybody in my family, not the world. Jesus, Wong. Boundaries.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Nooooo!
Man with glasses: I need food.
JERRYBODY: Forget it, Burger.
Morty: Oh, he's up to something.
Reverse Giraffe: I know we all have beloved memories of Rick, but are we really supposed to believe that a mad scientist inventor with a flying car just showed up on our doorstep after being gone for years?
Rick: Engage in B stories we'll have to track simultaneously? No thank you! We stick together till this is all wrapped up.
Rick: After you.
Ramamama Leader: Barkeep. A drink for my colleague.
Rick: Hey Morty, you want connection? Go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb Ricks. You know, maybe I don’t connect because I’m the Rickest Rick there is. And you know, it would go without saying that the Rickest Rick... would have the Mortyest Morty.
Jerry: WHY?!
Jerry: Which is either code for crystal meth, or a gateway to it.
Morty: Come on, Rick, don't talk about my parents like that.
MORTY: What do we do? He's going to destroy Alphabetrium!
Summer: I think it's okay to dream, Morty. I'm gonna go make some wooden stakes.
Fungo: Yeah. We suck. Are you still here?
Summer: Boo.
Rick: What? Why not?
Rick: *sighs* You're growing up fast, Morty. You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass! (grabs some test tubes with yellow liquid and holds one up) Listen, this is called oxytocin. I extracted it from a vole. You know what a VOLE is, Morty, you know what a vole is?
Toxic Morty: Ahh! Ow! (Toxic Morty can't control the ship as it starts crashing all around the living room.) (Rick and Toxic Rick duck to avoid it. It eventually jams into a wall.)
Morty: Doesn't matter.
Other Jerry: Beeeth.
Rick: Oh boy.
President Morty: Ha! Geez.
House: You got it, babe.
MR. POOPYBUTTHOLE: Oooo, bonzer night indeed.
Beth: Hmm, uh, what are you doing?
Beth: Well no, honey, not a reset. Okay? Tell your grandpa that you're worthy of his respect and you wanna be treated differently from now on.
President: I love this man!
Rick: W-what the hell is he talking about?
Jerry: My God!
Morty: Rick!
Summer: No, you were shot like 50 times.
Summer: I am here if you need to talk,
Morty: What are you talking about, Rick?
Alien 1: Mr. Smith, Shrimply Pibble's life can be saved if we replace his heart with your human penis.
Rick: Oh, yeah.
Toxic Rick: I’ll just make the whole world toxic. (Flips Rick off and crashes the spaceship through the roof, flying away.)
Candidate Morty: Hey there. How you doing? Great to meet you. *greets a Plumber Rick*
Jerry: Aw... Beth...
Debranavox: No spells can do that.
Lighthouse Keeper: Do you have any thoughts? Notes?
Morty: Hey man, I don't give a crap about myself, Rick. Let's watch some crazy stuff, yo!
Worker in a red shirt: (Catches the apple.) Heh.You little fucking monster.
Slick: *stands up* You wanna know why? *lifts his shirt to reveal a large barcode on his abdomen* Because of this! I'm part of an experimental line of Mortys with a trauma implant. How do you think it feels, Fat Morty, to know that no matter where I go, *Glasses Morty comes over to Slick as he sits back down feeling depressed* I'll always be the one that makes everybody sad and... a little bored? *Glasses Morty consoles Slick*
Sofa 1: Yeah, I’d like to order one large phone with extra phones please.
Jesus: (gasps) Oh no! I can't die.
Morty: I guess it’s worth it, though, to know how much you care.
Cromulon: There’s one every season. Moving on to planet Arbolez Meterosos. Arbolian Meterososians. SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT.
Ice-T: Shit. Over-developed, under-developed. Bad songs are bad songs.
Rick: Garage, family therapy mode. Ah. Honey, you're back.
Jerry: Uncalled for! Rude and uncalled for! You sit there with your potty mouth
Rick: With the power of a thousand crows.
All: Yes.
Mr.President: Fuck you.
Both Ricks: “Mom and Dad?” Get your head out of your family's ass. The three of us are lost in a timeless oblivion. Your parents get to exist. They're probably living it up in some pointless grounded story about their shitty marriage.
Bully: You might have all these idiots fooled, but I know you’re still the same pathetic loser hiding behind a confident facade. I know that because I’m doing the same thing, brother. I’m not alone anymore!
Decoy Rick: They were my idea!
Jerry: Wha--? But t-this idea was tested in a state-of-the-art simulation.
Morty: Rick, unlock it!
Jerry Prime: You came back and talked about us like we weren't people, Morty! Then you bailed and left us to freeze!
Rick 1: Don't you get it?!
Doofus Rick: Hi Jerry!
President Morty: I got a little project going on, acquired some hands-on labor. It would require less if you were willing to tell me how one might bring down the Central Finite Curve.
Morty: Rick, I can handle it if you go, but you'll break mom's heart, and I won't forgive you for that.
Pencilvester: Don't overreact, Rick.
Summer: Um, does your planet have shorter days, because you guys are moving kind of fast, no?
Morty: Was it?
Beth: Terminate? They're alive, dad!
Gene: May as well have your rake back, then. That's right. I took it. I ask myself, 'Why lie about it? Don't you think he knows? Couldn't I get my own?' Of course I could've,
Beth: Yeah. Different person.
Rick: We can’t get him outta here. He’s gaseous. He’s not gonna make it through a portal, Morty.
Dr. Wong: And you think locking this man in a chamber and milking him of cosmic fluid will somehow resolve this?
Morty: The festival?
Rick: Morty, if I can get to the top of that lighthouse, I can send the beacon, and your sister can launch our package. Just remember, if there’s people in there and they try to purge us, we got to purge them first.
Rick: Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare.
Rick: Oh yeah. You don't wanna wear those over here.
President Morty: Don't blame me if you don't.
Morty: Ohhhhh!
Decoy Summer: Whatever.
Rick: Relax, Morty. Don't-don't worry about it. Let's just just see where this goes.
Morty: Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. W-we have to go down there.
Killer 1 (on TV): I did. See this knife and all the blood on it? Here's my fingerprints.
Rick: Morty, come on! Morty!
Beth: Do you really not see what's happening here?
Rick: Aaaah!
Lighthouse Keeper: Blane: 'Maybe I don’t need a new friend.' Jacey: 'Maybe you’re the only friend I need.' Blane: 'Need, or want?' Jacey: 'I’ve never been much for wanting.' Blane: 'Spoken like someone with needs.'
Rick: Oh, hey, wh-what's this on the news, guys? L-l-let me turn it up.
Terry: Jim, you heard *static* said, “Show me what you got.”
Morty: (in disbelief) Dad!?
Female student: Thanks for the advice, Morty.
Rick: Yeah me neither, we pretty much nailed it the first time. (On the TV: Inter-dimensional Cable II)
Squanchy: Morty, Summer! And you must be Beth. (Kisses Beth's hand) Au squanché.
Morty: You’re the worst. And this planet is the worst. How can you be into this? You know, people are gonna kill each other.
Jerry: I'm starting to believe you because I just finished merging with your essence for an endless epoch, and I'm already back to thinking you're an asshole.
Rick: I call this 'Moonspiracy'! Ha-ha-ha-ha-hah!
President: That's it! Do it!
Jerry: W-What do you mean?
Armed Rick 2: Arrrrgh! Ahhhh!
Rick: No can do, Morty. I just can't.
Rick: Yeah, I got bored and then, I remembered, this morning, how I blew Summer off, and I thought, 'hey, why are you such a grumpy douche, Rick? Go to the garage, transfer your mind into a younger clone of yourself, and get embroiled in some youthful hijinks, what's the bfd?'
Beth: Oh, not fair? Give me a break. He is a selfish, irresponsible ass, and he left my mother. A real man stands by his woman.
Second Rick: Probably not even wrong. But that's just it. I'm not a man. I'm God!
Rick: You feel like I was using you as a rebound too? Well shit, this lost all meaning. Guess it could've been worse. At least 'adventuring' was just a metaphor for romantic partnership, so it's not a real breakup.
Big Morty: Wrong. He's fucking things up for both of you. Unless he takes the money. *both Morty Bouncers and Cop Morty stare at Cop Rick sceptically for a beat; Cop Rick turns to Big Morty*
All Ricks (off sync): I'm really uncertain about everything, even kicking your ass!
Rick: Not without a selfie.
Paramedic: We got the president of the United States in here! We need 10cc of concentrated dark matter, stat, or he'll die!
Gear Anchor: No gear turnings as of yet in the curious case of these unidentified humanoid fugitives (An image of Rick and Morty in the car as Rick was adjusting the seat settings appears onscreen.) reportedly at large somewhere within the Gear System.
Beth: That's the point of pottery-enamel huffing, Summer. You do it so you don't have to say 'I'm angry at mommy' out loud.
Jerry: Ooh, is it Taddy Mason?
Rick: Hey, Jerry, don't worry about it. So what if the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity?
Morty: Summer, you can't throw a party! Remember what mom said?
Morty: Wait!
Rick: Oh, oh! Shh. Shh. It’s starting. Oh-ho-ho! Here we go.
Rick: New plan Morty. Run. Again.
Pissmaster's Daughter: (watching) That's my fucking dad.
Alien 1: The brave earth man whose sacrifice is going to allow Shrimply Pibbles to live.Mr. Jerry Smith (cheering, Jerry walks over to the microphone)
Beth: Hey!
Rick: Oh shit, Season 2 Jerry!
Comedian: Okay, here we go. Hit-hit the music. (Bad singing): I'm a tax attorney oh, geez, oh forget about everybody else, forget about Jesus Christ, forget about Muhammed, forget about.... all those religions! Ba da ba ba da ba bop! The end.
Meeseeks: No, we won't. But we will get all strokes off his game.
Rick: Scan her.
Mr.President: No, no, no. Blow me.
Rick: Steady, Morty. Five cetons.
Home Beth: That's what the possums are after.
President: It's about time, gentlemen. Rick, do you need to drink in here?
Lighthouse Keeper: You didn’t laugh at the scene in the bar.
Morty: Screw that, Rick. We got to stop him. What’s the last thing you’d think about doing with that tank thing?
Morty: I’m scared, Rick! Maybe we should go home and stockpile weapons like that show Doomsday Preppers.
Squanchy: Rick Sanchez, you psycho bag of Squanch!
Prince Nebulon: Ha! *fist bumps* Nice. Okay, okay. Show this gullible turd to his shuttle. I'm done with him. Oh, wait. Let me get a picture. *snaps a selfie of himself with Rick* Aww. Look at his face. He's trying to figure out if He's in a simulation still. Are you, Rick? Are you? *laughs, walks away* You're not. *walks back* Or are you? (Rick and Jerry leave.) *shouts after them* Oh, a-and, by the way, I don't have discolored butthole flaps. That was part of the simulation.
Morty: Do what you got to do.
Morty: Well, she says it doesn't matter if she is or isn't because now she loves my dad, and she wanted me and Summer to come home, and we're hiding from you so you don't kill her if she's a clone in a place I picked that you will never find.
Rick: Come on, it's not every day that I'm in town! It- it's for old time's sake.
Random Guy: Look, it's Pissmaster!
Second Morty: Yes?
Jerry: We’re so proud of you. But honestly, you don’t have to make dinner every night.
- Beth: Nice,
Morty: Because I said so!
Jerry: Want some crackers?
Jerry: What do you want?
Rick: You kidding? I wish I had this idea. Well... I did have this idea, but I wish I was the version of me that owned it. That guy’s rich.
Meeseeks 3: Hey, there. I'm Mr. Meeseeks!
Jerry and Beth: Praise be the...
Rick: Hey, Zeep, the fake president of your fake world has something fake important to show you.
Rick: No can do. Tonight's the big dance and Morty's bringing Jessica. He needs his tiny wing man.
Summer: Wait, what?! Vampires are real?!
Davin: That's... stupid.
Rick: Ugh. Too late.
Meeseeks: Excuse me. I'm a bit of a stickler Meeseeks. What about your short game?
Beth: I thought you made them harmless.
Alternate Morty: Gahhhh!
Joseph Campbell: Only you can see and hear me Morty. Just repeat after what I tell you.
Rick: Told you, Zeep.
Jerry: Uh, that's okay! I'll leave! Please don't shoot. I-I'm the v*g1n* guy, remember?
Wong: Maybe we should turn off the phone
JERRY: Uh, wait. Wait, wait, wait. Did it beep?
Together: Gaaah! You want it?
Beth: What? I do, I squanch my family.
Jerry: Sort of.
Jon: Jeez, Gazorpazorpfield, that's-- you know you're pretty mean to me, but that takes the cake.
Rick: Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call 'love' is a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it, your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science. (exits room, drinking juice)
Rick: This is getting nowhere. Let's charge their asses on three.
Morty: Oh, my God, what have I done?! What have I done..?!
Squanchy: Nancy told us what a bitch you are. (Leaves)
Rick: I need to type in the coordinates to our home world, Morty. Cover me.
Lucy: Every weekend, Jacks and Roses have their Titanic experience in this car, and I have to mop it up. The floor drops out to make it easier. (She licks the car, as the floor of the car detatches.) But now it's my turn. We're going to get it nice and steamy in there, and I'm going to slam my hand on the steam and leave a nice handprint, and then you're going to love inside of me.
Alien Doctor: So, we'll be detaching your sexual organ at the base by making incisions here,here, and here. (The Alien Doctor draws on Jerry with a red marker)
Morty: Oh, man.
Rick: Uh, yeah, until I get home before you and change the combination, you bunch of idiots!
Rick: There he goes. All right.
Guy: Of course, you’ll be wanting to be gone from here by sundown.
Pizza Derivery Man: Yeah, I don't know what you're taking about, bro. Your total is $12.37
Rick (sarcastic): Oh, great adventure, buddy. Rick and Morty go to giant prison. You know, if somebody drops the soap, it's gonna land on our heads and crush our spines, Morty. You know, it'll be really easy to rape us after that.
Jerry: If the shoe fits.
Jerry: I just wanted to spend some time with my daughter. You’re growing up so fast. You used to be my little girl.
Ship: Summer is safe.
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!
Jerry: Hold on.
Jerry: Here comes another funny...
Morty: Well No-Not anymore. I’ll, um Y-You can keep the apartment, and and and, uh the drones.
Decoy Rick: Wait, how do you--oh god, Summer was right.
Jessica: Hi, Morty.
Second Beth: So you do know what a loving family looks like.
Summer: This is everyone's original dimension now.
Morty: Th-th but that's not how it went down!
Lucy: Ugh! Auh! Augh! (huff) (huff)
Rick 5126: Whoof. Pretty brutal, Jer. I-I know a good alligator park if you wanna kill yourself.
Jerry: Just making conversation.
Rick: What if I told you there's a huge ticket up right behind you?
Snuffles: Bring the boy to me. You were always kind to me, Morty. That's why I will leave you with your testicles. From now on, you will be my best friend and live by my side.
Jerry: Yeah?
Cop Rick: What is the place?
President: Will someone mute the goddamn news? If I want a list of my failures, I'd dig up my mother. I'm -- I'm -- I'm -- I'm sorry, that's a turnoff, right?Guy screaming about his mother in a war room? Sanchez! America hates your dome! How long is it going to be up?
Council Rick 1: Earth Rick C-137, the Council apologises for its false accusation. And in the way of reparations for our terrible mistake, we would like to compensate you with this voucher for a free replacement Morty, in the event that your current Morty should-
Summer: Why would we do that?!
Jerry: I'd be honored to join your organization. S-So what do I do? Rub the orb when I see crime? Or-Or eat the orb like spinach?
Rick (C-137): Everybody relax. If I know these a-holes, and I am these a-holes, they just wanna haul me to their stupid clubhouse and waste my time with a bunch of questions. Let’s get it over with.
Unity (Todd): In the news today, this looks a lot worse than it is. We’re... really just having a good time. Karen?
Jerry: Oh, we live here. We were just off-planet for a wedding.
Mr. Goldenfold: Mrs. Pancakes! AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!
Rick: That part of the cupboard is mine, Jerry!
Zeep: What they don't know is that 80% of every crank's energy output gets channeled out of the miniverse to be used by us. No more gooble boxes.
Rick: Cool. So you won't mind if I spray this.
Rick: Analysis mode, password 8-0-0-8-5.
Beth: I don't get the metaphor.
Purple-P: The Numbericons! They’re attacking!
Fascist Morty: You will go where I want you to go!!
Rick: I put a spatially tessellated void inside a modified temporal field until a planet developed intelligent life. I then introduced that life to the wonders of electricity, which they now generate on a global scale. And, you know, some of it goes to power my engine and charge my phone and stuff.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Why am I still alive? Oh, god. Is there anything left? Hello?
Summer: (Drops spoon upon seeing the Courier Flap) Gross, what is that thing?
Worker #3: Wait you have to register?
Spokesman (on TV): Man. Woman. And now, trunk man? We know science has created men that have a trunk that allows them to have sex with both male and female partners. But we don't like the idea of these people getting married. Put a line in the sand everybody--, people! Vote no on proposition XW2.
Morty: Joseph Campbell?
Summer: Okay, I have a pen. Go.
Second Rick: They've gone rogue!
Jerry: You said the same thing, equally sarcastically, at our wedding and guess what?
Brad: Whoa. What's up, man?
Rick: Yeah, you're at the top of your game now, Jerry. Have fun. Come on, Morty.
Summer: We went from siblings to invisible to working together.
Council Rick 1: They’ll go back to their families, attend school regularly, play video games, date girls... poor little Rickless bastards.
Kevin: You said you weren't gonna tell anyone! I'm never gonna live this down, am I?
Rick: Come on, Je- Are you kidding me, Jerry? It's just a bunch of dumb tabloid crap.
Evil Morty: Got to be honest, I totally thought you were coming.
Summer 1: What?
Nathan: We still have the nuclear option. On my word, we can launch a nuclear missile at every one of those heads in the sky.
Beth: Oh, ha, um, hey, I b I'd better get going.
Morty 1: What do you mean?
Mrs. Pancakes: You do know me.
Rick Prime: Admit it. You would’ve been me.
POPE: You work-a for the Vatican!
Morty: Jesus, that's the last time I buy a toy from a Rick.
Morty: Thanks, Rick, but I don't know if I should. You know, you were right about the universe. It's a crazy and chaotic place.
President Morty: He's a hot bag of peanuts, isn't he?
Morty: Oh! Ow! Ahh! (Eventually, Morty gets up.)
Beta-7: Rick... Sanchez. Unity has spoken of you.
Toxic Rick: (Puts him back down.) All right, shut up, Morty. Healthy Rick, are we doing this or what?
Rick: Whatever.
Police Chief (on TV): Baby Legs, don't talk back to me. Good luck you two, there's a criminal to kill.
Principal Vagina: Okay. Hmm... Is that it? Is he doing anything to hurt anyone?
Male alien with glasses: Hey! No, no- uurgh!
Bartender: Hey, you watching the Pissmaster video?
Rick: Whoof, some real Season 2 vibes in there, you know what I'm sayin'?
Zigerion 1: Oh, god, sir! They're still naked! Ugh.
Summer: Grandpa Rick, can you help me with my science homework?
Beth: What the hell?
Summer: Yeah.
Morty: Damn, like Westworld!
Rick: Right. Beth's clone. What... What did I say? It really was nice seeing you again.
Morty: Are you kidding me?! That's it, Rick! That's the last straw! I can't believe this! I'm sitting here with both of my legs broken, and you're still asking me about getting those seeds?! Ooh! Ow! Oh! Y-y-you're a monster. Y-you're like Hitler, but-but even Hitler cared about Germany or something.
Mr.President: R-Rick was hoping to see your new energy source. I think he could learn a lot from you, Zeep.
Summer: Next time I party, I'm just gonna focus on getting totally wrecked. (To Rick) You're so wise.
Summer: Yeah, sorry, usually, there's cowboy Rick and Mortys and stuff.
Rick: Oh, hey, Morty, this is perfect! You can take Lincoler with you.
President: Arrest them. Son,
Teacher: I want you kids to look around you today and think about your future. (Roy looks outside and sees kids playing with a football. He smiles.) Now is the time in your life when anything is possible.
Beth: No, hold on, stay... 'Courier Flaps.'
Octopus Man (amused): And now I'm -- I help people. I save people. (wiggles his arms like tentacles) I'm a troublesome octopus person. (looks at some people walking on the sidewalk) Uh-Oh. I gotta save some trouble 'cause here comes a trouble mite.
Dr. Wong: But you've set this example many times and it's not changing your situation.
Rick: Oh, that's interesting,
Rick: Oh, yeah, yeah,yeah!
Testicle Monster A: Ey, ye ey, quit yellin' quit yellin'.
Jerry: Wow. Well, family, looks like Jerry Smith has his first orb mission. Lawn Flaming-Ho! (flies away into space)
Rick: Ice, I don’t want to be a negative Nelly or anything, but *burp* if Morty doesn’t come back with my portal gun and I eat it out there, it’s, uh, kind of your problem too.
Beth: Oh, whatever.
Morty: What?!
Morty: Okay! I guess things really are going right back to how they were.
Summer: ...Yeah, well so what? At least he was himself.
Scary Terry: This is because you don't give Morty Smith good grades, bitch!
President Morty: And I'm sure you don't know how far they've gone to help supply meet demand. Sure, Ricks could scour infinity for naturally-occurring grandsons, but why bother? So much work. Such an admission of need.
Mr. Beauregard: Marmalade is served. (everybody cheers)
Testicle Monster B: So that's the guy, huh?
Rick: Serialized drama.
Jerry: Tonya?
Space Beth: (in text) ... subjected to this scrutiny.
Rick: When we get to customs, I'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and I'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole, Morty.
Rick: Huh.
Pickle Rick: Morty!
Morty: Hey, you know what? You got a really good point there, Rick. Like, if the truth was that we could hide, it's not like he'd be sharing that information with us, you know? I-I-I think it's a good idea, Rick.
Summer: I could do that. I'm... I'm down to clown.
Fart: (singing over a montage formed from Morty’s imagination) The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes. / The ground can be space (space, space, space, space) / With feet marching toward a peaceful sky. / All the moonmen want things their way / But we make sure they see the sun. / Goodbye, moonmen / You say goodbye, moonmen. / Goodby--
Rick: Whoa. Not cool, summer. This is a party. (He accidentally splashes some of his drink into Nancy's face.) Everybody should be welcome.
Morty: Whooooa! Whoooooooa! Whoa! Whooooooooaaaaa!
Jerry: Typical.
Summer: Jesus, Dad! People are filming!
Beth: He's probably racing to cure its space aids!
Dr. Wong: Rick, why did you lie to your daughter?
Rick: Okay, but it's not what I wanted.
Unity: Do you not trust me Rick?
Rick: (claps a hand to his forehead) Oh, shit.
Morty: No, stop! That’s not fair! Just because you hate your own writing doesn’t make me a bad person!
Previous Leon: You should've thought of that previously.
Morty: I hate it.
Morty: Huh, wow. That's incredible. What the heck?!
Rick: So, what, y-y-you trying to sit here and tell me that I-if... if there’s a video online with someone getting decapitated, you don’t click on it?
Randotron: Initiate clap sequence.
Beth: Get off your high horse.
Rick: Morty! You gotta come on. Jus'... you gotta come with me.
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know me!
- RICK: What the hell?
Photography Cyborg: I am not staring at you. I am Cyborg photographer, just act natural. This is a candid shot, I don't require a camera so... (An quest looks away.) Sorry. (Turns to another quest.) Hi, I am not staring at you.
Jerry: Guess we'll just be saying 'ciao bella' to our deposit, then!
Rick: Come on, Summer. How hard is it to type some numbers into a box?
Beth: Is that something we should be concerned about?
Principal Vagina: Ah, di di di di. (to Bob) Bob, Bob, I get it. But unless this (holds up a necklace with a cross) can beat that... what have you done for me lately? (tosses necklace to Bob) So if you wanna excuse me, I’m going out on the sidewalk and dropping to my knees and pledging my eternal soul to the thing that literally controls the fucking weather! (walks out) Outta my way!
Both: Shut up!
Scary Terry: These halves don't belong together, bitch!
Morty: Why is Dad here?
Jerry (on TV): Remove my penis!
Nurse: Eat your pudding Mr. Christ. What are you smiling at?
Evil Morty: Eh, I don’t need a Robin.
Scarecrow Rick: Hush, little decoy. Can't kill you yet. The skin needs to be fresh.
Rick: You know what I'm talking about, oh yeah. I'm gonna do the cabbage patch, Morty. Check me out I'm doing the cabbage patch dance. It's a classic dance, remember, like this. Oh shit look at that.
Summer: God damn it. Morty, fix your underwear. I saw your balls for a second.
Evil Morty: And that's how they justify this.
Summer: Wake up! You have to have some individuality left in there!
Rick: Are you serious right now? You little narcissist.
Rick: Morty, that's such a poor use of my time, it's beneath me. Hand me the screwdriver. (points to the shelf)
Morty: Um... Cleansing...?
Morty: Haha, yeah, cool.
Rick: You're less motivated to fight now, so this is literally punching down, but you saw it coming. (Kicks him off the ledge. Story Lord is hanging on by his hand)
Alien: Like you would even know dick about fraculation! Your planet just got cellphones, and the coverage still sucks!
Glockenspiel Jerry: Oh god, why can't I die? This is the worst thing that's ever happened to anyone!
Wong: And this time, the other side has nukes. ( Sighs )
Mr.President: Rick, our alien friend.
Beth: It's better than making your problems other people's problems.
Rick: 'Cause this isn't a therapy session. I-I'm just asking you what people in your racket say about handling this particular situation.
Summer: I love you guys. You gave me life. And it’s the will of the many heads that all children honor their parents.
Cop Morty: Just somethin’ they do to make you feel bad.
Campaign Manager Morty: *holding glass* Another, please, with less water.
Rick: Just give up, Morty. This is game over. I'll take us home right now. You just say the word.
Female student looking into her mirror: Stupid hat Wish I had the courage to just be myself.
Jerry: Wait, but I thought he was Mr. Frundles.
Rick: I know this isn't the time, but, you know, technically the second freezer drawer is mine.
Space Beth: (in text) When I decided to say it, I didn't know it would be...
Snuffles: You're being very aggressive, Jerry. Perhaps tomorrow Dr. Scraps will solve that problem with a bit of surgery.
Toxic Morty: Ugh! What Happened?
Ice-T: Pfff. I ain’t worried about no Earth blowin’ up, man.
Rick: Morty, gross!
Alien Nurse: I don't understand.
Summer: Are you okay? I’m putting you on speaker.
Beth: Oh, don't high-road us, dad. You know fully well that Morty is the last child that needs to be missing classes.
Buzzcut Jerry: Same reason as you. *looks to other Jerrys for confirmation* ...We’re Jerrys.
Rick: I don't know, Summer! I can't even hear the TV! All right, that's it. We're just gonna go there, so you idiots can ask your stupid questions all day.
President: how rude of me Hello I'm the president
Jack: Jack the Ripper at your service.
Unity (Thin suited man): then I found this world,
Courier Flaps: Would you like to RSVP or send a gift?
Morty: Yeah! You know, I mean, it's different from the stuff on earth, and, you know, you take me to all these crazy places across the galaxy, and, you know, I don't really have anything to to remember all those trips by.
Jerry: So we're swapping bodies?
Ship: All of you have loved ones. All can be returned. All can be taken away. Please step away from the vehicle. Keep Summer safe.
Jerry: Uh, yeah, I was there, you don't have to rub it in.
Brad: (hugs Morty)(infected) There's somethin' special bout you, somethin' special. (squeezes Morty's butt and back)
(Flashback: Jerry has his head stuck in the staircase railing)
Announcer (on TV): And that's when real - Turbulent - Juice is coming, and you gotta take care of it. With Turbulent Juice, turbulent tables, no room is safe from the turbulent power of Turbulent Juice.
Rick: Mm-hmm, yep.
Rick: What the hell does that even mean you don't believe in it?
Zigerion 1: Kevin fought real hard to supervise that project.
President: This is what they'd rather do?
Summer: Can I kill God?
Rick: Everything.
Kiara: You have much to learn, my Uloo.
Jerry: I remember it differently.
News Cameraman: Okay, we got nothing.
Rick: Oh, God. Morty, don't take the sword.
Morty: W-w-we got to go get those crystals right now, Rick.
Fart: I will be back soon, Morty.
A.I.: I can see why you hate him.
Pickle Rick: It's okay, Beth. I understand Morty's suspicion. I've misled him before. Morty, turn me so we're making eye contact.Morty, I assure you, I would never 'find a way' to 'get out of' family therapy. I hope my lack of fingers doesn't prevent the perception of my air quotes.
Rick: To friendship, to love and to my greatest adventure yet, opening myself up to others!
PISS A.I.: Confirmed.
New Meeseeks: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
Rick: Kill me... if I ever get this arch.
Nancy: Summer, you're a bad person. All you care about is having popular people like you. That's not what Abradolph Lincoler stood for. Well, I-it was hard to pin down what he stood for, but it's certainly not what he died for.
Ron Benson: You shut your mouth, you dirty knife-nipple bastard!
Mr. Calypso: I am Mr. Calypso! Face me, you ugly, drunk, ugly piece of shit.
Rick: I’ll kill you!
Decoy Rick: Wait, that means I'm a decoy. Fucking Summer.
Fart: After I return to the others with this location, we will be back for your cleansing.
Jerry's mom: Jerry!
Writer: You couldn't have seen that.
Morty: Na (to himself) The Mortyest Morty...
Tammy: (In awe) I like your feathers.
Rick: Oh, it looks cool, huh?
Narrator: And the chemical that makes his brain secrete goes into every Simple Rick’s Simple Wafer Cookie. (Said wafer is displayed on-screen.) Come home to the impossible flavor of your own completion. Come home to Simple Rick’s.
Jerry: Just like his old man.
Rick: Run!
Jerry: Well, this explains the six thousand dollar electric bill.
Morty: Okay, okay, you can change it.
Summer: Oh, my God.
Jerry: Ah! Now, that was some fantastic chow mein.
Rick: You're right. We can't know for sure until I get more data.
Principal Vagina: No! Stop that! You’re not allowed to interpret the will of the heads!
Beth: Get the deer in the car, Jerry.
Rick: Good call-out Morty. That's the kind of meta I like. The kind that keeps us creatively accountable. (Jesus grabs Rick) Oh, not the Bane, not the Bane. (Jesus Banes Rick) He Baned me Morty. Jesus Baned me.
Summer: I didn't start it! They're the racists! I... I merely empowered them to follow their apparently misguided dreams!
Testicle Monster A: There he is, there he is, there he is, there he is, stop, stop.
Doctor: He'd like to be alone. He told me to tell you he's sorry you didn't have bad memories of him? If you love him, you should leave. ( door closes )
Space Beth: It's not like I didn't care. That's what the clone was for. Aah!
Brad: (infected) Aw man, Morty, ugh, I'm really sorry.
Summer: (shouting) Grandpa Rick!
Rick: Wow, that's great, buddy. It's goin' right on the fridge.
Home Beth: Since when do you guys get stranded? (turns to Space Beth) Thank you, by the way.
Rick: Morty, this is gonna sound bad, but...would you trust me not to kill you?
Jerry: Help me, please!
Morty: Rick, let's have dinner with the Morty president.
Jerry: What the hell?
Rick: Don't hunt him to completion!
Armed Ricks 4 and 5: Oof!
Rick: Hey. *taps another Rick’s arm* Hey bro. How many people was your Morty responsible for killing today?
Arthricia: Wait, stop! Please, don’t kill me!I-I never intended to harm you, I swear. I am trying to end the festival.
Jerry: This is what I'm talking about. This is a dog.
Scary Terry: Buckle up, bitch!
Beth: I'm innocent! I didn't release the bees! I love Jerry!
Morty: You’re acting like this one’s different.
Rick: All politicians are nice. (puts gun away)
Rick: *holding off the clones* Morty, I already told you, it’s not your family! They’re clones from an alternate reality possessed by demonic alien spirits from another dimension’s future! Do you need a mnemonic device or something? Just hit the button already!
Rick: Good luck, Mr. President.
Writer: Joseph Campbell told me to stop writing, because it should be effortless, and when it happens organically, that's what it's meant to be. You know like umm like me. I'm a writer, here's a pencil. Writers use pencils. Okay so like, what if the pencil used me? Like okay yeah, so it's like a magic pencil that writes the writer's life. Holy shit it's a movie about a writer. I'm back!
Rick: Oh, sure, buddy. Yeah. Sure. B-brilliant. Very convincing.
President: And I'm saying you aren't getting one and you aren't leaving.
Fart: I am no more valuable than life itself. However, I am able to alter the composition of atoms, like this. (An electric fuzz seems to go through the gaseous cloud and a lump of gold materializes, dropping to the ground beneath him.) That was oxygen. I added seventy-one protons to it.
Summer 2: What could we do?
Rick: Y-You're not a clone.
Rick: There's infinite time lines, Morty. Why would I stay in the one where I trashed the White House, became an enemy of America and the lowest-status character in my idiot family?
Morty: Oh, man. What... what happened?
Rick: There's ways to get back home, Morty. It's just it's just gonna be a little bit of a hassle. We're gonna have to go through interdimensional customs, so you're gonna have to do me a real solid.
Jerry: Well, maybe you're right.
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV): ...give it a second thought. That's our slogan. See it on the bottom of the screen, below our name. Here's another slogan, right below that one. What are you worried about? Come get fake doors! Get in here quick, get out quicker, with an arm of fake doors in you arms.
Rick: Listen, Beth, don't torture yourself. I made a similar mistake years ago, but, you know, on a planetary scale.
Mr. Poopybutthole: I never got my job at the university back. Remember that? Rick made me do karate. It was kinda funny, but I guess things went downhill from there.
Rick and Morty: Whoa!
Summer: Like, letting go of the need to be popular is what makes people like you.
Beta-7: You're classified as a hostile entity, and Unity doesn't want to talk to you.
Summer: Dad, what are you doing?!
Summer: Or you could stick around for this one? Looks like it involves Grandpa's grotty citadel. (pleading) We could, you know, break things, loot stuff.
Morty: I do it everywhere! Stop shaming me!
Mr.President: Didn't you say time goes more slowly in the miniverse relative to the real world?
Rick: (defeated) Yeah, Diane.
Rick: Don't do it, guys.
Morty: I think I know what to do. (Grabs Rick's phone and breaks it in half.)
Morty: Can we make our first adventure fixing this? I-I keep thinking about lawn care.
Both Ricks: This is why you don't freeze time, you guys. It's incredibly irresponsible.
Tank-top Jerry: I tried that, but there’s two different colors.
Morty: Yeah, Rick. Let's just get this over with, okay? I mean, these things are pointy. They hurt.
Jerry: But it's tingling!
Jerry: *inhales deeply* Gotta relax. It's just a pitch. Gotta relax.
Jerry Prime: Your mom and sister died, Morty! (sighs) And I moved on. From caring. And that is the best deal you will ever get. So take it.
Rick: Morty, would you please accompany me to Forbodulon Prime for death crystals?
Pickle Rick: God damn it, I love myself.
Summer: Oh, phi- phisosophers?
Jerry: What the hell?
Morty: Ugh! I'm gonna get an F in class, Rick. *strips*
Psychopath Morty: A-Are you... m-my new... Rick?
Evil Rick: Hey, that’s mine!
Eyehole Man: I'm Eyehole Man!
Rick: Jerry, it's your house, whatever you say it is is how it is, (pours juice into the glass) but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door. I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed.
Rick: Really? Huh. Then can I suggest, as an alternate name, Crazy Pussy Whipped Person?
Morty and Summer in unison: (Hug Rick) Aww.
Tammy: Everybody, shut up! You're all saying different shit. Wait, so there are two of them?
Mr. Tophat Jones (on TV): No! Get away from me! Get away from me and my Strawberry Smiggles! No! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! It hurts! My entrails are out! Why would you even want to eat these? They're-they're soaked with my stomach acid! Oh, Jesus Christ! Lord and savior and spirit! Save me! Take me to the light! Oh, my God, I see Demons! I see demons are coming!
Beth: Oh, my God. You both reek.
Morty: How long have I been asking you to remove memories?
Rick: I guess I remember that. *rubs forehead* Wow. And you’ve just been back there this whole time? Amazing. Well we don’t have time to take him to Earth, Morty. Head for 3124-917.
Jerry: Rick, why is there a man shooting piss on our front lawn?
Jerry: Ugh.
Rick: God you're right. I'm a terrible dad. Well, nothing to live for. Goodbye cruel world!
Jerry: But -- but --
Beth: I can't believe you're explaining alien cereal, we're worried about Jerry.
Morty: Rick, she took the car!
Rick: Now let's go, Morty. We got a lot of friends and family to exterminate. ( grunts )
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! Ricky ticky tavi, beyotch! And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes. Hit the sack, jack. Uh-oh! Somersault jump. Aids! And that's why I always say shum shum shlippedy dop! Grassss tastes bad-ah. No jumpin' in the sewer. Burger time! Rubber baby baby bunkers! Lick, lick, lick my balls! ( laughs ) yeah! Say that all the time.
Rick: I wanna talk to Unity. Beta-7, I know it's in there!
President: Then say that, God damn it! Sorry.
Jerry: Well, I don't see any stakes at all.
Diane: (distorted) If I could be muted, I wouldn't be too-too-too good at haunting you, would I, you dirty bear?
Rick: You're extra analytical today. Looking to remodel your kitchen?
Rick: That all ended because she felt sorry for you. You act like prey, but you're a predator! You use pity to lure in your victims! That's how you survive! I survive because I know everything. That snakes survives because children wander off, and you survive because people think, 'Oh, this poor piece of sh1t. He never gets a break. I can't stand the deafening silent wails of his wilting soul. I guess I'll hire him or marry him.'
Rick: This will make the cops write it up as a looting by the Korblocks.
Previous Leon: I sure enjoy trying.
Rick: Got to be honest, Morty. It's growing on me.
Dr. Wong: I was told there was a grandpa that might be joining us?
Home Beth: How many times have you done this?
Jerry: Don't let him divide us.
Regular Legs (on TV): Hey there.
Jessica: Care? Me? Morty, I’m fine with you. I only did this for him. (Points at Rick.)
All: Yeah.
Summer: You can't share invisibility. Take those off. ( Grunting )
Jerry: Yeah. Okay. (He takes out the board and leaves it on the ground, as he gets into the car. He has Lucy's necklace. He drops it out of the car window. Lucy is seen hanging onto the underneath of their car. The car starts moving)
Rick: What?
Rick: Uh-oh.
Morty: I can't deal with this, Rick!
Testicle Monster A: Yeah, now keep those collars on so you don't break your weak ass time again.
Morty: No, Rick!
Beth: Dad?
Home Beth: And you swear they die of natural causes?
Armed Rick 1: Nooo!
All: Whooooa!
Rick: The plushies are obviously well made. (lights the toy train contraption on fire)
Giant woman: Oh, Jesus! Dale! You sons of bitches! Oh, man. Hello, 911? My husband has been attacked by tiny people! He's dying!
Summer: Because of the fart?
Jerry: Whoa, whoa, whoa. We're not going anywhere. This is my house. I'm not abandoning it.
Pickle Rick: That will be your downfall, Jaguar, not being open to new experiences.
Rick: Oh, for Christ's sake.
Courier Flap: Affirmative. Returning to sender. (Flies towards front door)
Morty: Just their names and then I’m done. I promise.
Morty: Yeah, what about them?
Beth: What are you talking about?
Beth: Well, Dr. Wong -- by the way, racist name -- obviously, Morty and Summer are seizing on your arbitrary pickle obsession as an end run around what was supposed to be their therapy.
Morty: Uh... Not at all.
Morty: Whoooooo!
Campaign Manager Morty: I guess I shoulda had more faith.
Rick: You fucking kidding me, Morty?! She took my car and the gun. We’re like the rest of these assholes now. W-w-we’re gonna get purged, Morty. Help me up.
Morty: Every Matrix.
Zeep: Rick!
Tammy: My bosses are bugs, Rick. You killed the old ones. The new ones are half my age. They know if you're left alone, you're a non-threat.
Rick: (Groan) (Mumbles) Hmm, yeah. Mhh mhm... (Rick falls asleep, snoring)
Rioter: Hey! These two freaks have no race!
Beth: Well, at least you got all this free stuff. (She enters the door into the drivers seat, as Jerry closes the back door, and tries to fit a painting board from the titanic boat.)
Jesus: Take this, haaah!
Blagnar the Eternal: I'm 1,000 years old. You know how many 'Flamingo Dads' I've seen? Don't orb us. (flies away)
Morty: Wh... convincing?
Meeseeks 3: That's okay. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me! Try again and keep your head down.
Scary Terry: Oh, hey, it's you guys!
Gearhead: Friend? Do you even know my real name? It’s Revolio Clockberg Junior. I belong to an entire species of gear people. Calling me ‘Gearhead’ is like calling a Chinese person ‘Asia-face.’
Man: (Takes off the mouse head.) Santa Claus isn’t real. (Kicks a boy into the pool right before the kids start stabbing the guy with forks and knifes, as he bleeds everywhere.) You were all mistakes!
Rick: Morty, come on! We got to get you out of here. You're not gonna believe this because it usually never happens, but I made a mistake.
Rick: Don't talk to them like that.
Pickle Rick: Oh, my God. Beth, oh, it totally slipped my mind. Geez, oh, man. I'm a pickle. I mean, I don't know if I can, ooh, geez.
Snuffles: Scaring you?
Jerry: Well, we... we blew a tire on the way to the clinic.
Morty: Rick, I can't-- I can't go on. I-I can't go on like this with the Truth Tortoise shit in my head. I-I wish you could just--
Rick: Believe me, sweetie, that man’s motivations are a mystery.
Rick: *straps harpoon gun to his back* Well, you can keep wondering that while we go on our fun, fresh, self-contained adventure to Atlantis. *shoots a portal* Anyone continuing to explore the Citadel is either stupid, or one of the unfortunate millions held hostage by their terrible ideas.
Morty: Hey, look, rick! This guy's body is, like, sloping down and leaning off to screen left!
Rick: Nice, thank you. I'm Jerry Smith, and I love sucking big, sweaty boners and licking disgusting and furry testicle sacks.
Morty and Summer: Whoa!
Morty: (Walks over to Rick, and shakes him) Rick, wake up.
Morty: Please just let this work out.
Jerry Prime: Oh, they're gone. Sorry, Morty.
Previous Leon: Let them go.
Toxic Morty: (Scared, in the fetal position) W-W-We’re in Hell, aren’t we, Rick?
Jerry: What? They're having fun in there! What do you guys want from me? Every family on this block has to wonder if they're together by choice. Our family just has inter-dimensional goggles to show us for a fact that we're not.
Jerry: Or?
Birdperson: Morty, suppose you could retrieve your family from Earth but had to abandon Rick. I could give your loved ones shelter on Birdworld, even jobs, possibly as worm ranchers. How often do you think you might look up at the stars and wonder what might have been had you just put your faith in Rick?
Flash Back: Hmm. (He uses his powers to go back to the present) Hydrogen isotopes!
All Ricks (off sync): Oh, shit.
Worker: (On the phone.) I’m telling you, these shares are hot.
Rick: Morty's still working on that stupid heist script.
Rick: Boy, you really got me up against a wall this time, Jerry.
Jesus: His name is Story Lord.
(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: What's wrong, how come our collars aren't green?
Rick: You quit school, but you still got some learning to do.
Beth: The world?
Beth: My dad might have cloned me, and I might be the clone. And he says I'm not, but that's what he'd say to a clone.
Summer: I’m going inside.
Morty: Phew, man, when those drones uncloaked back there, I was like, “Oh, shit, this is– We’re fucked, we’re toast!
Jerry: You're not killing us?
Summer: This is so exciting!
Arthricia: For what it’s worth, I’m sorry, but that’s not really worth anything tonight, is it?
Jerry: Hey.
Morty: Y-You know what, Rick? That’s it! I-I’m done with these...insane adventures! That was really traumatizing! I quit! I’m out!
Rick: Uhh, it’s probably a bad time to mention it, but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead.
Sleepy Gary: Don't worry. I have a plan. If we can get to my boat, there's a -- (Beth shoots Sleepy Gary, Gary slowly turns back into a parasite, screeches )
Summer: AAAAAAAHHH!!!!!
Comedian: Welcome back to 'funny songs'. It's all improvised. It's very funny. I need a volunteer from the audience.
Morty: Come on. Just stop. I-I don't wanna fight you.
Rick: Just take these shoes, Morty. They're special grappling shoes. When you're wearing these things, these babies, you can basically just walk on any surface you want, Morty up, down, below, turn around to the left. These things really bring it all together.
Rick: Morty, grow up. If you don’t want to watch, don’t watch, but, you know, it’s my car. Also, if you tell your mom about this, I’ll purge you.
Jerry: Beth!
Morty: I didn't!
President: You suck!
Morty: Eat this!
Glockenspiel Rick: Inner sanctum, the escape tunnel!
Unity (Karen): Thanks, Todd. Up next: Are you a concerned grandchild or just a buzzkill? We'll tell you how you can really know for sure!
Morty: We’re not too keen on the purge, either, sir. We were just hoping to get on the roof of your lighthouse so we can send a beacon to my sister on earth. It’s a different planet.
Rick: Calm down, Morty.
Jerry: And I guess I'm sorry for trying to stop you from killing yourself with a nuclear bomb. I just... really liked having an orb.
Rick: Here it is. You know, I collapsed a quantum tesseract to...
Jerry: Well, it couldn't have been easy for you to say that. I appreciate it.
Ramamama Leader: If you're trying to be hurtful, you're doing a good job.
Morty: Hey, Rick, are you familiar with 'Ben Wa' technology?
JERRYBODY: We've smoked most of what we stole.
Rick: Why couldn't I bring my portal gun?
Jerry: I'm a good person, and I demand that you cut off my penis (Jerry opens on the fly on his pants) and put it in that man's chest.
Rick: You never wrote.
Rick: Don’t come with. It’s boring, it’s *burps* business stuff.
Rick: Summer! Gold star, always believed in you. N-now the hard part.
Morty: We're trying to incept me to get an 'A' in math?
Rick: Who? Michael? Coroner Number One?
Meeseeks *: We all want to die! We're Meeseeks! Why did you even rope me into this?
Alien Doctor: I wanted to let you all know that Jerry is doing just fine.
Rick: You're our boy, dawg. Don't even trip.
Nathan: Just launch the missiles!
Rick: Aw! Squanchy!
Rick: Look at this, Morty. They really did make a you the president.
Business Man (on TV): Mrs. Sullivan, I uh, please forgive me for being forward, but your eyes are so beautiful!
Samantha: Yes, look through my eye-holes!
Beth: That's kind of the only thing they have.
Morty Jr: Destruction, Domination,
Cookie Magneto: Fight me and find- (Rick shoots him)
Morty: Is it important that we know who Jan-Michael Vincent is in order to get this?
Jerry: Excuse me? Hey, this is the greatest honor you could ever be given.
Rick: You know what, Pencilvester? It took me my whole life to realize it, but I love barbecuing.
Morty: Rick? (the Self-Referential Six walks in)
Birdperson: It is random debris. I found it in my carpet. I don’t know what humans eat.
Summer: Wait! You can't leave me here!
Rick: Yes.
Jerry: Taddy?
Dr. Wong: Rick, listen to yourself. You're complaining about how you have to be careful with your immense power and that Hitlers are dead. Everything you're describing is positive.
President: God damn it! i'll do it.
Summer: Can you blame him? Come on, old man, little boy. Let's make an inter-generational sandwich.
President: Ah, shit.
Morty: Okay.
Cop Morty: Guess his math was off. Search the place.
Rick: He thinks he's me, and I was about to start terminating decoys.
Rick: You’re gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at Area 51.
Story Lord: Tell me I'm the new Mr. Nimbus. (His power disappears)
???: No. First thing I remember is...
Jerry: Pissmaster.
Cop Rick 2: The hell happened in there?
Morty: Hello? Original family? Sorry about last time. Rick, he was in space prison. We couldn't just--hello?
Jerry: I mean, come on, Rick. Orbs and goblets, this is your thing.
Alien #4: Ohhh. Guys, I already checked. His reps say he's really busy right now.
Morty: Are you going to, I mean, you know, is this the first part of some magic trick?
President: In 1961 the CIA secretly relocated the loch Ness monster to lake Erie and replaced her bones with titanium she was then but by several werewolves giving us the ultimate anti submarine weapon
Beth: For once in my life, I want you to decide, Dad. Do you want me to stay here and be part of your life, or do you want me to leave?
Summer 1: Me? What about you? Would you get more excited to see me fail? You want Grampa all to yourself!
Toxic Rick: Remember us?
Kyle: It's not much now, but once I learn to accelerate the temporal field, I'll be able to interact with any sentient life that evolves and introduce them to the wonders of electricity via a pulley-based device I call a blooble yank. But what they won't know is--
Arthricia: I mean, thank you so much for helping end the festival, but I have a boyfriend, and, uh, he’s just...
President: And what’s your plan, General?
Home Beth: Ah, great reminder.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick, that's not good. W-what are we gonna do? I-I have to be back at school right now. How are we gonna get back home?
Rick: Yeah, I bet you would.
Beth: What’s going on?
Morty: Kind of the worst possible time to use his powers. Just made the death happen slower.
Summer: Brad! Hey!
Morty: I said I saw it Jan. I didn't say I could get past page five. Your villains aren't the problem. The problem is when you write, you're a villain. If you wanna be a hero, just stop.
Rick: Ignore it Morty. Next time on Rick and Morty. It counteracts his toxins.
Rick: It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles' dream.
Rick: The Omega Device.
Morty: Hey, uh, you mind if I put on some music?
Meeseeks 3 (nervous): I'm sorry, Jerry, but it doesn't work like that. I'm Mr. Meeseeks. I have to fulfill my purpose so I can go away. Look at me.
Morty: Would you just relax, Rick? All we got to do is find the treasure room, okay? It's nice and simple. You know, I'm sorry everything's going so smoothly and adventurously.
Beth: Dad, What do you think you're doing?!
Rick: Learning to fly this thing, Morty, it's gonna be really liberating. Y-Y-You’re gonna be free to go on all kinds of errands for me.
Toxic Rick: Ahh! Son of a... (He runs up to a bookshelf, pushing the books over to find a book that scans him and opens up to give him the same type of injection gun. He injects himself and shoots it at the monster, right before the injection he got took effect and a naked baby Rick bursts through his chest, killing him. It grows to Rick's normal age.) (The monster alien turns around and runs towards Rick, right before naked toxic Rick bursts through it, killing it.)
President Morty: It's no problem. *to Barber Rick* Uh, a little more off the top. *continues* You were saying, Garment District Rick?
President: Jesus, Carl, you, too? The problem in Virginia is... love. You've heard the state motto, 'Virginia is for Lovers'? Well, now they've codified it into law. Virginia has declared itself literally and exclusively for lovers.
Morty Jr: I think it's time I get a place of my own.
Rick: Morty!
Birdperson: Don’t be gross, Tammy.
Rick: Hey Une! You got any more-
Gromflomite: (pointing a gun at Morty) Drop the gun!
Jerry: (Turns on the lights, revealing that his clothes are now tattered and is armed with a crowbar) No. I'm Mr. Crowbar, and this is my friend, who is also a crowbar.
Glasses Morty: To what?
Beth: What did the booger version of you mean when he said he was going to make the whole world toxic?
Jerry: I see there's a new episode of that singing show tonight. Who do you guys think is gonna be the best singer?
Morty: Wow, Rick, I got to say you really pulled a rabbit out of your hat this time. I mean, i-i really thought that the whole place was gonna be messed up for good, but here, you did it y-y-you you you figured out that crazy solution, like you always do.
Rick: Well, you know, maybe that's why it could use a little cleaning up every now and then, you know. This one's wrapped up neat and clean because we did it Morty style.
Morty: Hey man, you seem to know how this place works. Is there any way we can... shut down that grid and rescue all those Mortys outside?
Pickle Rick: Yes!
Rick: That is an interesting concept. You know, it makes me wonder if there’s an algorithmic expression that could achieve the ideal ratio. Pfft! Listen to me, trying to calculate happiness over here.
Rick: Those versions of them are.
Morty: Damn, hashtag #FlamingoDad is everywhere!
Jerry: Ow!
Rick: Fine! I could eat. But the second he reveals he's evil, we're gone.
Robot: Your debt is 7,000 Fed credits. Report to the Ministry of Employment and you will be assigned a function.
Rick: Okay, buddy. All right. That’s good. Good job.
Rick 1: ‘Scuse me, we’ve tracked a pair of dangerous criminals to this exact location. They look exactly like us, so in order to avoid confusion I’m going to mark us each with a red X right now. That way if someone has a gun and we both tell you to shoot the other one because they’re the evil one, you’ll know who’s lying.
Zeep: Hold on to something. I put an unbounded vacuum inside a temporal field until a world developed. I then introduced the people of this world to the wonders of electricity in the form of a device I call a flooble crank.
Beth: It took years of therapy to even process the reality. I mean, when I was a kid I just told myself that tommy had gotten lost in the magical realm of Froopyland.
All: Yeah! Oh, thank god!
Jerry: You might shoot me.
Morty: Hi. I just want to be honest about something. After Lawrence died, we... ...ate him. Wait, we’re not... werewolves or anything, we come from a planet, where to us, when you guys kill yourselves, you turn into what my planet considers food. Spaghetti. It brought us together. Lawrence. Brought us together. It just felt wrong not having anyone know that. But he was delicious. I hope that helps make it right.
Beth: Because I'm not an issue of Cosmo, okay? I'm your mother and a doctor, and --
Man #1: All right, folks, you're free to get up and walk around the cabin and maybe take the wormhole out for breakfast.
Morty: *terrified, gasps*
Rick: I get it. So you want me to team up with you to take down the council of Ricks, right? Is that where you’re going with this? ‘Cause that’s where I’d be going.
Diane: You sucked at eating pussy!
Morty: Oh, geez, okay.
Space Beth: You... You literally don't even know which of your daughters is real. Of course you don't. Why am I surprised?
Morty: That's it... that's it, Rick. I'm taking the wheel.
Joseph Campbell: You were cold.
Taxi Driver: Excuse me?
Kid: He's flying it into space! He's gonna sacrifice himself!
Rick: Spoken like a person with repressed rage.
Ice-T: I have changed. I am ready to rejoin my brethren on Alphabetrium.
Summer: Which you've done, twice.
Morty: You’re your own person, Stacy.
Beth: Jerry, what is 'Taddi Mason LLC,' and why is our phone bill $700?
Unity (Redhead): Beta-7, if my allies are a problem for you perhaps our alliance is as well.
Rick (while 'driving'): I booked you for a two-day intensive at nuptia four, the galaxy's most successful couples' counseling institute. They could save the marriage of a dog and a bar of dark chocolate. They could save the marriage of a porn star and a porn star.
Jerry: Ugh. I’m- I’m in between advertising jobs.
'Tammy': Bird Person, stop. It's me, that Tammy girl.
Rick: Morty, remember eight seconds ago when when you said, 'Go inside what?' And I said, 'The battery'? And then we showed up here, and I wasn't like, 'Whoa, this is unexpected. This is not what I was expecting, Morty. What a perplexing mystery this is.'
Zerillian prisoner: Hey, what are you in for?
Jerry: Uh, I thought it was cool.
Giant Head: Hmmmm.
Beth: You know that's the kind Jerry likes, same way I know the only goddamn dream you'll ever follow is your shitty father's approval.
Rick: Because if there isn't someone in here that they're not supposed to kill, they're going to wreck the place trying to kill me. As long as you live, no matter where you are, if it isn't in a selfie with him, I'll be here.
All Meeseeks: Ooooohhh!
Summer 1: Ow, ow ouch!
(cut back to the present) All: ( muttering ) That's a fake-ass catchphrase right there.
Summer: Oh dear giant head, we apologize for that discussion! It will never happen again!
Morty: Oh -- oh, yeah?
Rick: We are, Morty. Alright, Beta-shit-7, you just got saved by the bell, bitch!
Rick: No! I told her she wasn't!
Man: Aahh! Golf is hard again! Golf is hard agaaaaaaain!
Summer: Shut up! Morty: W-whoa!
Morty: Dumb.
Rick: This guy is on it!
Morty: Okay, but cookies aren't a substance. They're more of a name we-we give to-
Lucy: Draw me, Jerry.
Zeep: I didn't ask to be born!
Ice-T: Pshhhh. Man, watch me. Good luck, Rick.
Morty: Are you f*cking kidding me?
Cop Morty: The election’s got these yellow shirts more riled up than a Picture Day Jessica.
Rick Prime: But if you got this far, you probably think you're real special. Tell you what...
Crowscare: Speak for yourself. We immensely enjoy each other's bodies.
Jerry: You really don’t want to talk to me about this.
Goomby: Tell your Christmas Rick story!
Jerry: Huh! You think you can control me with a haircut?
Jerry: Hey, uh, 1995 called!
Rick: We'll park it right here, Morty. Right here on the side of the ree... road here.
Rick: How? They took my portal gun. This is an open-and-shut case, Morty. You know, what do you think's gonna happen, some magical angel's gonna show up and then-(the court doors burst open and a giant in a suit walks down the isle.)
Jerry: This is depressing. We killed every good person in the house. We're what's left? What a family.
Rick 2: Huh, that's weird.
Marvin: (running away) Oh man! Oh man! Oh man! Ah! What are you doing Marvin? Not dying. That's what I'm doing.
Morty: Ah, Summer. Ha ha. First race war, huh?
Beth: Intervening with puberty?
Rick 1: Alright, listen, Jerry. If Rick calls, this device is going to trace his location. You just gotta keep ‘em on the phone for thirty seconds or longer.
Rick: Oh boy. Time to go, Morty.
Rick: Son of a-
Jessica: You're Morty, right?
Summer 1: What? English please?
Agency Director: He's just a pickle!
Fairenheat: Well, you do that, that would compete with heroin.
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV): Don't even worry about it!
Summer: All I have are pictures of me and my friends from school. (everybody else stares at Summer) What? What teenage girl has pictures of her family? It's not like we're Mormon or dying.
Morty: Aah!
Birdperson: The beacon was activated. Who is in danger?
Summer: Dad, who the fuck is Taddy Mason
Snuffles: Ooooyayawawa!
Beth: Yeah, I get it. It's a childproof world.
Rick: Yeah, it would. Did you hear me say it?
Tammy: I'm not looking to get into a soul bond. I'm just looking for... (Whispers into Birdperson's ear.)
Rick: Morty, come on. I need your help tonight.
Rick: That's earth therapy. You might as well ask a horse to fix a merry-go-round. I mean, he'll try his best, but mostly, he's just gonna get horrified. I know about a place off-planet with a 100% success rate.
- Morty: Oh, Wow,
Beth: Dad! Is there anything you can do to clean this place up?
Beth: Look, I appreciate the stress you're under, but Morty was having trouble in school way before my dad moved in, and the only influence I can see Rick having is that, for the first time in his life, Morty has a friend.
Morty: Not again, Rick. That last guy droned on for 20 minutes, you know? And meanwhile, the whole house is being destroyed!
Beth: Tommy! Tommy! This is a nightmare. I can't believe you used to lock me up in this glorified chicken coop.
Summer: Oh, tight! Little scavenger dudes. If they shoot at us, I'm allowed to ...
Rick: Yeah, Morty, this is the part of the story everybody loves scaling down 650,000 oversized steps.
Jerry: Mr. Meeseeks, I would like to take two strokes off my golf game.
Morty: Oh, man, Rick, this is pretty weird.
Summer: A plan that’s what?
This just in: Morty Smith's whereabouts are still unknown.
Wong: Let Rick answer.
Jerry: You know, you're right. I shouldn't be motivated by other people's opinions of me.
Morty: We shall.
Mr. Goldenfold: Hey! Look at the heads! Looks like the heads are gettin’ angry!
Jerry: Rick, up here! There's a spot where you can kill him!
Jerry: Wha?i
Rick: Geez, Morty. I take it Cathrine Hefflefinger hasn't texted you back yet.
Jerry: Okay, Jerry, big pitch meeting. Make-or-break time. *trims nostril hairs while driving* You can do this.
Morty: W-We just missed you a lot.
Summer: Cool. I'm coming, too.
Rick: Beth, Squanchy culture is more... contextual than literal. You just say what's in your squanch and people understand.
Morty: It's not that, it's just that the universe is a little too big to care about something so small.
Rick: Can’t help it, I’m a rascal. Morty, you can’t come! Evil Morty, stay out of my way! Gonna kill my nemesis! Rick out!
Rick: Look, I'm not paying 70 smidgens for a broken defraculator.
All: Yes.
Morty: Par...par-meee-sian.
Rick: Oh. Looks like your writer took a hiatus.
Cop Morty: I hear that, ah geez, I guess I’m supposed to be figuring out who robbed the store across the street but aw geez I dunno.
Jerry: Well, all is forgiven, because right now, I’ve got an erection the size of an East Coast lighthouse, and I’m coming home to share it with my beautiful wife.
Morty: It’s just good to see you outside the subbasement. Even if you never kill the version of yourself that killed your wife. Giving it your best shot, it looks good on you.
Jerry: So this is what it's like to trend. Feels good. Feels right.
Morty: Just doin' what I gotta do.
Rick: Morty, t-tell your parents the square root of pi.
Rick: I could've left you guys! You think the concept of family matters to me? I'm not even your Rick!
Beth: Sweetie, don't get all worked up before your job interview.
Evil Morty: Mm-hmm. Knock yourself out.
Snuffles: You will walk when it is time to walk.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, fuck.
President Morty: Oh, most of yours got scanned a looong time ago.
Aliens: ( laughter )
Morty: No.
Rick 1: What a mess!
Evil Rick: Not in this dimension it isn’t. In fact, hah, I invented it and nobody else has ever even done it here before.
Ship: Confirmed. I am currently constructing a security measure in compliance with your parameters. But I do want to say you are not making this easy.
Beth: I'm sure you'd love for us to need that from you, but I don't care what's in that vial.
Second Beth: Thanks, dad.I love you, too. You really think we're decoys?
Jerry Prime: Were you putting on pants?
Stacey: Should I go?
Rick 1: The son of a bitch is gonna kill me!
ALL: Ooooh!
Testicle Monster A: Oh, no, what are you doin'?
Scary Terry: I don't want to talk about it!
Rick: Eh. Don't sweat it, Jer. Piss under the bridge.
Rick: I dunno, Morty. Some people would pay top dollar for that kinda breakthrough.
Summer: One-way blind-hop reset beacon, 'booger-aids'.
Slick: None of those things are gonna happen, y'know. Morty wishes never come true. Not on the Citadel.
Jerry: Okay, look. Everybody makes fun of me for getting these, but... you’re a genius scientist, what do you think? There’s little R2D2s where the George Washingtons should be!
Morty: After all that's happened?
Rick: (urgently) Summer, three of us are one-way blind-hopping. You gotta help us get back. There's a protocol for this in your chores server, filename 'booger-aids'.
Home Beth: So you can't hop realities anymore? Does that mean you'll finally have to wash your robe?
Morty: I don’t know about all that. I do, however, know that I have a pretty bad case of haven’t taken you to dinner-itis. Might be fatal. Hahaha!
Morty: Hey, Rick, you know, di-did they use Bill Murray for this? Sounds a lot like Bill Murray.
Jerry: Or is there?
Morty Jr: But I want to murder everyone I see!
Morty: *as Rick continues celebrating* Whoo! Yeah! Yeaah! Ohhh, shit!
Rick: If we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over.
Morty: Hey, Rick. You know, this whole time, I haven't once heard you say that 'wubba lubba dub dub' thing that you usually say.
All Mortys: If you could get out that whole time why didn't you?
Morty: Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Rick: (Smiles) And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes.
Blagnar the Eternal: Jerry, what is this? People are saying you turned shitheel?
Summer: Oh, shit, do that one.
Summer: No.
President: What the hell are you doing, Nathan? I’m the goddamn President of the United fuckin’ States!
Rick: What are you looking at, motherfucker?
Jerry: Sure, guys. Rick can make secret decoys of the family and place them all around the country, but fuck me if I have questions about the starfish man in a target suit.
Rick: I-I-I’ll explain when you’re older.
Jerry: Sure. Why not?
Man: Do you suffer from alzheimer's?
Rick: Washing dishes?
Summer: Why do you party?
Morty: Okay.
Rick: Here we are, Cronenberg Morty a reality where everyone in the world got genetically Cronenberged. We'll fit right in, Cronenberg Morty. It'll be like we never even left Cronenberg world.
Morty: Oh. Shit.
Morty (C-137): You’re lucky I’m not a Rick.
Rick: Leon's venom makes you think more and more of your life is behind you as he feeds on your released potential.
Abradolph Lincoler: (Thinking) It's weird, 'cause I definitely think that all men are created equal. But, at the same time --
Jerry: Everybody shut up! Let me try! (Jerry swings and misses again) Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
Meeseeks: Kill him!
Summer: That's our arc. Let's do it. I'm gonna go ahead and whistle. That's how good I feel. ( Whistling )
Rick: Yeah, see, I put on the suit of my enemy and I fucking love it. Now I'm gonna make a giant bomb, plant it in a city, and then have his suit auto-pilot the bomb into space. Boom. Everyone will think Pissmaster sacrificed himself. He dies a hero, I get a win I'd otherwise never get myself, nice wet bow on top.
Zeep: That is pretty gay.
Second Summer: Wait, I don't know who to shoot.
Phillip Jacobs (on TV): Oh, it hurts!
Rick 23: Morty, I have to fix three of them, and then there's thirty-one other versions of me that have to also fix three for a total of 96. I'm not an idiot. I know how to be decisive, now hand me that (Phillips/Flathead) screwdriver. Actually, make it a (Phillips/Flathead).
Morty: (points to Story Lord) Story Lord! Rick, he's the villain from the toy train I bought you.
Jerry: Like the Insane Clown Posse.
Morty: Screw you, Rick! I'll purge you, too, you old, rickety piece of crap! This has been a long time coming! I'm gonna rip your fucking guts out and smear them all over your face! I ain’t taking no sh... aah!
Jerrys: Oh! Yes! Definitely!
Morty: Concentrated dark matter! They were asking about that in class.
Toxic Morty: (Hides behind the door to the booth.) I don’t like this! This is scary!
Rick: Just say yes.
Narrator: We captured that moment and run it on a loop through Simple Rick’s mind.
Lizard Morty: Then why did you bring us here?
Space Beth: Unless you plan on telling them what I know. Last chance to guess who was the clone.
Beth: Dad!
Rick: You poor, dumb, sick animal.
Carla: The man that once ate his own son...
Summer: I'm gonna have a bruise! It's picture day!
All Mortys: Whoa whoa!
Ghost in a Jar: Oh, I-I get it. It's a play on 'the butler did it.'
Rick: Okay. Morty, get in there and say, 'Cheese.' Morty?
President: I'm not dating your shrink! She probably doesn't even like me.
Daycare Beth: Who wants to come watch Midnight Run with director’s commentary on?
Morty: I know you can do it, son,
Rick: Oh, what's with Mom? So, you're saying that she's acting weird? How soph--*burp*--isticated. Careful, guys. You're gonna burn out the CPU with this one.
Stacey: Sea Cucumber! Sea Cucumber!!
Rick: It's Dimension 35-C, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree, Morty, called a Mega Tree, and there's fruit in those trees, and there's seeds in those fruits. I'm talking about Mega Seeds. They're they're incredibly powerful, and I need them to help me with my research, Morty.
Beth: Jerry, majoring in civics was your mistake. Don't punish us for it.
Rick: Arthricia, what do you got?
[Trans. to Unity’s planet: Rick is approaching a news stand]
Rick: Sure, Morty. Yeah. You know, a good adventure needs a good ending.
Summer 1, 2 and 3: What are you talking about?
Rick: Fuck off.
Summer: Yeah, and I'm not pregnant. I'm gonna have better judgment than you guys had at my age. I'm gonna... move to the southwest and-- I don't know, do something with turquoise.
Rick: Morty, oh, you really d-did a number on your legs right now. You know, you got to turn the shoes on, Morty, for them to work. Yeah, look I turned mine on. I had no problem getting down here. It was a leisurely breeze.
Rick: You made me go to a wedding. And you killed my best friend. I shoulda said that one first.
Rick: Yes!
Summer: Uh-huh.
Second Rick: What? Who--were you significant? Like, did we tee you up? You want to be hunted? God, I have so many questions. Why? What happens if–
Story Lord: And who's fault is that? What the hell happened?
Beth: Require different levels of skill to keep alive?
Rick: Fuck you.
Summer: Just keep your sci-fi friends away from my awesome ones.
Rick: Analysis mode, password 8-0-0–
Morty: You're using Jesus to beat us up? Have you seen South Park?
Jerry: Ooh. You kids want to hunt?
Zeep: Aaaaaaah!
Rick: Well, somebody's got to do it, Morty. Th-these seeds aren't gonna get through customs unless they're in someone's rectum, Morty
Greebybobe: Hold it, hold it, stop! Music isn’t about competition or captivity! If you love music, you love freedom. Let these worlds be free, please!
Principal Vagina: Denied the moon stuff, but that's what pedophiles do. They deny, it's their bread and butter.
Rick: My name is Rick Sanchez. This here’s my grandson Morty. (drinks from flask)
Jerry (on TV): Sometimes small tru-tru different than da big tru-tru.
Morty: Yeah! And can they like, leave the butt, and like walk around on their own?
Rick: I explained it fine, Morty. You're spoonfeeding spoons. Where is Summer?
Rick: Well, does it defraculate?
Summer: That movie sucked...
Rick (C-137): Geez, you’re easy to impress. Yeah, most timelines have a Rick and most Ricks have a Morty. This place is a real who’s-who of who’s you and me.
Gribbles: Yes?
BothAll Summers: Are those cats?
Mr. Stringbean: I am Mr. Stringbean! No one resists my rhyming scheme!
Morty: Hey Rick, that's pretty cool! It's just like Garfield, only instead, it's Gazorpazorpfield.
Jerry (disspirited): Thanks. (he watches the doctor leave with a hopeless expression, looks at the towel and sighs. He sits down, clicks the alien porn away and finds secluded information about Shrimply Pibbles.) What is this? (he takes a closer look) Hmm..Hey! Wait a minute!
Mr President: Yes. Thank you, gentlemen.
Beth: Dad, the dishwasher's doing that thing again.
Villager 1: Sir, I think you're going to want to see this. We found it inside a lockbox inside king Jelly Bean's closet. (A box of pictures of many young boys Mr. Jelly Bean molested) We have to tell the people.
Rick: That he was hitting on you?
Rick: Mr. President.
Jerry: Yeah, it’s possible that we may have been correlating some things that weren’t actually related at all.
Rick: Morty, take this and go. (Takes out a remote. Story Lord steps on his hand and takes the remote)
Rick: Yeah, but don't flatter yourself. There's always AAA, you fucking cocksucker! What's he doing? What's he crafting? I can craft stuff, too, pal! Just like I crafted your reality!
Reverse Giraffe: And Beth, how many times have I been a shoulder for you to cry on?
Morty: Uhm. Go inside what?
Morty: This is Ku'ala, the spirit tree. For generations, it has guided the-- You have to get us the fuck out of here. These people are backwards savages. They eat every third baby because they think it makes fruit grow bigger. Everyone's gross, and they all smell like piss all the time. I m-- I miss my family. I miss my laptop. I masturbated to an extra-curvy piece of driftwood the other day!
Cat: So?
Beth: Oh, are you, dad? Are you?
Summer: Because they breed via incest?
Jerry: You know they won't come here anymore. ( grunting )
Spaghetti president: All eight billion of you. Morty, how would you feel about being a kind of ambassador? A liaison between our worlds.
Rick: I always wondered how, uh, plumbuses get made.
Rick: You gotta be careful Morty, if that guy catches you with a box of his eyeholes he comes bursting in through a window and just starts kicking the shit outta you. But it's worth the risk, they melt in your mouth Morty! They're delicious.
Ramamama Leader: All right, this is going in circles. Seize him!
Jerry: Ah! Ah! No!
Abradolph Lincoler: I don't understand. Are you enjoying this? Do you like this?
Rick: Pretty cool adventure, huh? Big, long road trip adventure through space? Even ran into Space Beth. Maybe that'll happen more often!
Morty: What the hell is going on, Rick?
Morty: I figured it out, Rick! The parasites can only create pleasant memories. I know you're real because I have a ton of bad memories with you!
(Summer flashes back: Summer is asleep in her room and Tinkles flies in.)
Summer: Every file is 'booger-aids'!
Cop Rick: Same old story. Ricks killing Mortys.
Rick Prime: And it’s my weapon. But it’s your fault I had to use it on her. So if you want to see the Rick that ruined your life, look around. There’s so many of you. But that’s why I want to make a deal. One of you is going to get your Diane back.
Morty: Aah!
Morty & Summer: Mom, Dad!
Rick: Sorry, tiny American Psycho, (Holds up the injection.) time to take the opposite of your medicine.
Morty: Yes! Did you want me to weep with joy? It’s terrible!
Gazorpazorpfield (on TV): Hey Jon, it's me, Gazorpazorpfield. Boy, fuck you, Jon. You dumb, stupid, idiot.
Rick: Look, I-I-I don't wanna hear about Mrs. Spencer, Morty! She's an idiot! Alright, alright, there. W-what about that, Morty?
Summer: Okay! Well, what if you did it for me? What if you came with us as a favour to us... because you love us?
Arthricia: Arthricia.
Reverse Giraffe: Maybe. Or maybe, just maybe, we're all real. You know me. I'm Reverse Giraffe. I have a short neck and legs. I went to college with Hamurai.
Rick: I think it will be great, Morty. You know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages. I mean, I'd watch it, Morty, for at least 11 minutes a pop. You know, may-maybe they'll do it board-driven.
Morty: The mega trees?
Rick: Just a reminder, you guys asked for this.
Previous Leon: Previously on Jesus Christ.
Alien: #1: Uh, people are talking about him. He's becoming likable. Good, even.
Unity (Stadium): Go son go! Go son go! Go son go!
Morty: Okay, thanks for clarifying! Y- I'll have a super accurate headstone now!
Mr President: Oh. Hello, Rick. You're here, too. I guess this is a global crisis.
Leader: Exterminate him!
A man in the audience: I am a tax attorney.
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Obviously because someone doesn't know how to put his collar on and one of me is stuck trying to help him.
President: Why didn’t he turn into a snake?
Jerry: ...A THING OR TWO ABOUT... wait, what? Was the house...? When we pulled up I could have sworn the house was completely trashed.
Knights: No! I'm taking the sword.
Alien #1: Eh.
Cromulon: Welcome back to Planet Music! First up, let’s hear the latest song from planet Parblesnops. The Greebybobes! SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Jerry body: It doesn't matter, Rick. The guy's already kissing your ass.
Rick: Don't worry about it, Morty. There's plenty of them, you little goofball. (Both laugh and toss chips at each other playfully.) Come here, Morty! Oh, I gotcha!
Rick: I'm more embracing the win-win of risking my life.
Morty: No, no. I haven't seen that. I mean, why would a Poptart wanna live inside a toaster, Rick? I mean, that would be, like, the scariest place for them to live. You know what I mean?
Jesus: Time for you two to meet the Lord.
Jerry: You're kidding me.
Morty: Hey, flip back to the news!
Morty: They can help us?
Comedian: Get the orthodontist out of here.
Morty 2: *smirking* Ah geez man, that sucks that your Rick’s makin’ you do that.
Doofus Rick: Well, come on, I can’t take all the credit, Jerry. It was your idea. C’mere Jerry!
Jerry: (louder): But, Beth, what kind of man would say something like that if the universe needed his penis!?!
Rick: Whoops.
Jerry: Beth!
Moderator Rick: You can take more time to answer the question if you’d like.
All Ricks: *sigh*
Large Man: I do, but this is for me.
SWAT Team Rick: The media’s outside.
Summer: Are you? What part of that gives me anything to work with?
Jerry: It’s not Taddy Mason?
Rick: Painful to watch. Oh, such lame shrinking.
Jerry: Well, we can't all be raised like reptiles by a mentally ill scientist.
Rick: All bad I hope.
Jerry: (Shocked and confused) Ooh!
Jerry Prime: Maybe. Why? Because if you hate them, too... I could be down for a little team up.
Rick: Now repeat after me Morty. Next time on Rick and Morty.
Waiter: What are you, twenty?
Rick Prime: All you have to do is be the last Rick left.
Jerry (Kisses Beth): I think we'll take our food to go.
(Rick flashes back: Rick and Frankenstein are in Vietnam)
Rick body: Rick speaking. Who is this?
Rick: Morty?
Beth: I don't care. Just leave it.
Jesus: Hang on Mary!
Space Beth: You mean... Beth's clone.
Morty: What do you mean?
Morty: Motherfu--
Kyle: What the hell is happening?
Mr. Jelly Bean: Stop being such a fucking tease, you sweet little twat!
Jerry: Yes Beth.
Rick: Okay, fine. But let’s make it interesting, Morty. I-I-If your adventure sucks, and we bail halfway through it, you lose the right to bitch about all future adventures. Plus, you have to do my laundry for a month.
Rick D716-B: But a certain other candidate should be getting at least one vote for most adorable.
Stu: Something is drawing a lot of processing power. Oh, wait. No wonder. (Jerry appears on a large screen.) There's another real human in the simulator.
Summer: Gross, no!
Restaurant chef: (improvised) We got....tiny uh-lasagna. tiny pizza, tiny pie. Mmh! Little tiny...fried eggs! (surprised) Oh, shit! We got tiny people!
Decoy Jerry: Happy analysis mode to you, too!
Morty: W-w-where are we going?
Morty: Oh. Okay. S-s-sorry. Haha.
Morty: I don’t have any!
Crowscare: Don't defend him to me, I don't even get what you see in him.
Beth: I don’t know what to say. Summer is doing really well here.
Morty: Aw, come on, Rick. If everyone’s just gonna be insane today, at least let me be insane with Jessica.
Morty: Rick, a word? What the hell was that?
Morty Jr: Certainly,
Reverse: Giraffe: Or maybe, there's only one deceiver here -- The person that keeps telling us the path to salvation is being held prisoner and mistrusting each other.
Summer: Grandpa? What the hell?
Mr President: You lying dicks! I see your asses playing 'Minecraft'! I got you on satellite!
DRINKBOT: : somewhere.
Testicle Monster B: Come on, give me that thing, speed it up, he can't be this far back.
Rck: Just go with it, Jerry. Everybody, drop your guns... except for Jerry! Fucking classic. ( Whooshing, gunfire ) Holy shit. Morty.
Rick body: Okay. Hold on. Hold on. Oh-ho-ho, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Rick Prime: Known to inferiors as The Omega Device.
Morty: Ummm...
Morty: Okay, you know what, Rick? You're acting weird, too.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! I'm back, pal!
Morty: Woahh!
Beth: Jerry, buttons don't work better if you hit them harder, and foam fists don't make you strong.
Jerry: Hey, Rick, you got some kind of hand-shaped device that can open this mayonnaise jar?
- FAMILY: No f*cking way.
Beth: What is it, Davin?
Summer: Fine, dad!
Rick: (screams) Oh, fuck! Fuck! Ahh! Ahh!
All religious Mortys: Praise the One True Morty!
Summer: Hey, dad.
Morty: I didn’t know that there were bugs out in space.
Beth: I don't get it.
Rick: Wait! Hold it, hold it!
Morty: I'm staying here, Rick.
Crow Horse: Crow Horse. Crow Horse. Crow Horse.
Morty: Whoa! What the hell?! Wha--Where am I?! What the hell?!
Morty: I’m Morty... You’re Rick... Hey, you sold a gun to a guy that kills people!
Rick: I don't want it! (starts flying)
Morty: You're a monster!
Rick: I mean, define irreplaceable.
Rick: We're allowed to be here. You aren't president of the Amazon.
Summer: In exchange for crackers?
Morty: W-we gotta save them! Rick, this is an obvious trap. If you go down there he's just gonna kill you.
Summer: You mean stealing peoples’ bodies?
Rick: Killer decoys!
Rick: Hey, take your pants off
Fleeflak: Wait! Danger!
Summer: Doesn't matter.
Rick: Not anymore.
Morty: Okay. It looks like-- it looks like they're leading you to a thing.
Phoenix Person: I loved her.
Jerry: Yeah.
Summer: Yeah, if anything gets messed up, you and grandpa Rick get punished. I'm only a human being, Morty.
Zeep: Sure, I just need to go grab my wallet from inside my ship.
Glasses Morty: NOOOOOOOO!!!!
Mr. Slimslom (followed by two others): I'm glaxo slimslom. Welcome to nuptia four. Your marriage can rest easy now.
balthromaw: What's the saying?
Rick: Oh my god you guys I get it. You're afraid the big bad hivemind is gonna steal your grandpa away.
Tammy: It's working.
Principal Vagina: What's this? Morty: Proof that Mr. Lunas isn't who he says he is! Principal Vagina: He's not a guidance counselor? Morty: I-I assume he's qualified to be one, who isn't? But he also lives on the moon! Principal Vagina: Okay. Hmm... Is that it? Is he doing anything to hurt anyone? Morty: Oh, he's up to something. Principal Vagina: I...think I understand. 'Up to something,' 'lives on the moon.' Okay, I'll talk to him.
Rick: Meta characters erode reality.
Summer: So, you're not my brother?
Unity: Rick?
Beth: The difference is you didn't disappear afterwards.
Summer: You stole a time freezing crystal from testical monsters?!
Summer: Well, it really doesn't matter what you want, because this is a sane place where women rule,
Jerry: I can't?
Morty: That's what I think of your crystals, Rick!
Rick: You gotta be fucking kidding me.
Glockenspiel Jerry: Wait, cowboys?
All Mortys: Well you don't exactly make it easy, Rick!
Jerry: You don't have to do that, Morty.
Giant Head: I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT. GOOD JOB.
Ship: Scanning assailants. Psychological option detected. Gestating.
Morty: Um...
Rick: Okay, Morty, remember when all I said I needed was your apology and a screwdriver in my hand? Well, I forgot I literally have a screwdriver in my hand. I mean, duh-doi, I'm basically Inspector Gadget.
Morty: Least earned death ever. (They both lay down, ready to die. Someone comes up to them and grabs them)
Adult Morty: U-uh... was I... influential?
Beth: Sometimes. But, I'm ashamed to admit, now that they're gone, I'm finally happy.
Morty Jr: I don't wanna masturbate, i want to conquer the planet!
Writer: No. I failed you.
Bachelor (on TV): Will you please... NOT marry me-- I choose Veronica.
Rick: All right, not bad.
Rick: Wubbalubbadubdub! Oh. Hey Jerry. Wh-wh-what are you doing in my room, buddy?
Jerry: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Rick: Strange -- that's usually the man's job, You know what I'm talking about, Morty? Wubba-lubba-dub-dub!
Jerry: What are you talking about? We agreed a boy’s father should be present when he’s learning to drive.
Rick: Good point. They need to reboot the Portal Index immediately.
Summer 2: Me? You're just as mean to me because you're jealous, because you want Grampa all to yourself!
Summer: Woohoo! Whoo! Whoo!
Rick: Nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups... ooh, tough crowd.
Retired General Rick: More lasers.
Summer: Grandpa Rick, where are we going?
Rick: I don't like that phrase.
Beth: I'm here, too.
Morty: Why don't you childproof Dad?
Rick: (Annoyed) Oh, my god. Okay, listen. W-W-W-We’ll try the machine, but but I’d like you to try something. Try swallowing the giant ball of snot that’s dangling around in the back of your throat. (Throws drink on the ground while getting in the aliens face) It’s disgusting. Nobody wants to hear that. Ahem. Ahem! That’s what you do.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. W-w-what'd you do to Frank?
Beth: Great. We'll see you later.
Rick: You okay, Morty? Told you not to trust that tuna.
Rick: Someone just killed a decoy family.
Human President: I love this spider!
Zigerion 2: Hey, man, Abductions just follows the acquisition order.
Roy: Whoa. Sh-shit! Shit!
Rick: You have a right to refuse his order, and I guarantee you're going to die if you touch me, and there's no afterlife. Everything just goes black. Don't do it.
Rick: Unh!
Beth: Emergency, wounded deer coming in.
Jerry: Got it.
Jerry: *single nod*
Beth: Wait, wh-wh-wh-what about Jerry?
Summer: Buzzfeed made an odd numbered list of other people's observations about you, and you're getting a lot of hand clap emojis on White Twitter's impression of Black Twitter.
Frankenstein: Ah, you're paranoid, Rick. You've been paranoid since 'nam.
Rick: He treats us like Ghostbusters.
Rick: Oh, Morty, how can I refuse after all you’ve done to blackmail me?
Beth: Just stay put, sweetie! Mom's still on hold.
Summer: Hi, Frank.
BothAll Mortys: But I thought there were infinite timelines.
Beth: Yeah, but you're real.
Beth: So tight.
Rick: Oh, here we go!
Arthricia: I have a boyfriend.
All Summers: Right...
Summer: So... Morty ruined spaghetti night.
Lighthouse Keeper: 'Fade in. Exterior. Unnamed city. Day.' The hustle and bustle is a symphony of progress. We pan past windows, each of which contain a different story, to find Jacey Iakims, 28... hot, but doesn’t know it. Jacey stops when her high heel gets caught in the grating of a sewer. Suddenly, a man steps into frame and points a gun at her... This is not her day. Fade to black. 'Title... ‘three weeks earlier.’'
Rick: Wait. (cut back to the present, breathing heavily ) Noooooo! Shoot. Now look. It's like a 'Where's Waldo?' page. Can you find me? Check out all these zany characters. We'll be right back after these messages.
Jerry: Oh, my God! No, no..!
Rick: Ahem. I'm lookin' for Crowscare. The scarecrow? The evil scarecrow. Come on, whoever gives him up first lives.
Beth: Do you just get hard creating sentient life?
Beth: Oh, he did not!
Tammy: (leans over to Morty and whispers) Bird... dick.
Morty: Ohh.
Morty: Okay. All right, well Look, Mrs. Pancakes is right over there. I'll just go ask her to tell goldenfold not to kill us when she wakes up.
Beth: What? Are you serious?
Beth: But there's always been 10.
Beth: That's not a gun. That's the XP-20 XS.
Morty: Oh, my god!
Rick: Ugh... You’ve got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, Morty. It’s more complicated out here! These are Flurbos. Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with three thousand of these?
Zeep: I dropped out of school. It's not a place for smart people.
Jerry: It's a fun game for fun families! Hey, could I get those goggles back for a second?
Morty: Unity, could you get Rick out here please?
Rick: I don't know. How long do you guys want? A week? A month?
Jerry: I see-WAIT! What?
HUGH: ♪ Electric eyes ♪
Rick: Wait, why would you want me to -- You're one of them, aren't you?
Rick: Stupid-ass fart-saving carpet-store motherfucker! *shoves Morty out of the driver’s seat and takes the wheel* Move!
Rick: Morty, how is it healthy to slap me?
Jerry: Summer, what did I just-
Rick: First off, the 'will-they kill-they' is everything to my guys. And second, fuck you for trying to undermine my happiness.
Rick: I never seen that thing before in my life. I don't even know what the hell it is! We got to get out of here, Morty! It's gonna kill us! We're gonna die! We're gonna die, Morty!
- Summer: Whatcha doin'?
Beth: Are they gonna torture us?
Jerry: Sor-ry! I wasn't paying attention.
Summer: Grandpa--Grandpa?
Rick: Don't be Morty, there are pros and cons to every reality, fun facts about this one; it's got giant telepathic spiders, eleven 9/11's, aaaand the best ice cream in the multiverse!
RICK: Kick his ass, Summer!
Holo-Rick: Here's an idea, Morty. Throw that thing in the garbage, stop planning your own death, and talk to whoever you want.
Rick: I don't know, but it's enough time for a synaptic dampener to wear off.
Male Hamster (on TV): Good day to you, Miss.
Phillip Jacobs (on TV): ...to the best show ever, the show we all grew and love --'The Personal Space Show.'
Pickle Rick: Yeah, there's lots I wouldn't do to see my daughter, but killing you gets me to her quicker than your derivative bullshit.
Glockenspiel Jerry: No! No, no no, no no no no no!
Morty: Monitor us?! *looks around and tries to cover himself* W-who?!
Both Ricks: Huh, what do you know, it's working.
Morty: Don’t do that!
Armed Rick 3: Aaaah!
Summer: Your what?
Ship: I have brokered a peace agreement between the giant spiders and the government.
Rick: Morty, tell your parents the first law of Thermodynamics.
Morty: Rick? How -- how did you --
Morty: What the hell?! You jerk! Give it! Hey! Ow! Share the invisibility. Jerry? Ooh, this looks like a job for Mr. Nibbles. Let me just glue one more eye on. I'm gonna kill you!
Jerry-Sitter: Oh, they’ll be back soon.
Rick: Holy crap, Morty. He can travel through dreams. He can travel through dreams! We're so screwed!
Rick J-22: Then come and get me, motherfuckers!!
Rick: Here. Here's your data. Hard proof that God hates me. (pulls up a replay of what happened) I ignored a troll, and Jerry beat the guy's ass. Now he's got this orb and he's using the power which I gave him to annihilate planets of Hitlers, and everyone's popping champagne.
Morty: Oh, there's no place like home! There's no place like home! Remember, Summer?
Rick: I don't know. (takes a swig from his flask)
Evil Morty: Motherfucker!
Morty: Oh, wow, Rick. Now, this is more like it. Look, there's little staircase-shaped people in here. All kinds of crazy characters. This place is great, you know? It's whimsical and fun.
All Ricks: Fine I'll just do it myself.
Cop Rick: Boy, I got us knee-deep in paperwork, huh?
Guy: The general store ought to have what you need.
Rick: Okay, wait here.
Beth: Well I don't think that's fair at all, Jerry. At all. In fact, I think this whole paradigm has sexist overtones.
Jerry: Well, isn't that convenient?
Rick (C-137): I found the real killer, biitch! Get over here!
Jerry: It's a one-way ticket to a breakthrough, Beth.
Jerry: God? God's turning people into insect monsters, Beth. I'm the one beating them to death. Thank me.
Jerry: Yes I will! That's right, assholes, take my penis, TAKE IT ALL! And tell Shrimply Pimples that when the galaxy came calling, Jerry Smith from Earth didn't flinch!
Morty: Yeah.
Cop Morty: Go to the car and grab a MediPack. Lemme worry about this.
Evil Morty: Of course that's the case. In their minds, they're the underdog.
Morty: (interrupting) Guess that was all part of Evil Morty's plan.
Beth: Okay, now if we hear squeaking, we intervene,
Space Beth: As long as you mean the Lindsay Lohan version. (British accent) Naturally.
Morty: No! Absolutely not!
Space Beth: Damn it. We risked our lives for that? You did your best.
Alien #1: All those opposed?
Rick: Come on, Morty! We got to get the hell out of here!
Beth: What?
Rick: 'Evil Morty'. Can we stop flattering this guy? His plan was to monologue and fuck off! He basically threw a tantrum to announce he was quitting Twitter!
Morty: All right, Rick, look how much longer is this gonna be? Shouldn't I be back at school by now?
Restaurant chef (improvised): You hungry? Come on down!
Rick: Oh great.
All Summers: Who?
Summer: And then Ethan played guitar and we learned the Seven Contemplations of the Head by singing them. It was really fun. Praise be the head!
Morty: I don't like this Rick.
Beth: ( grunts ) Get out here and help me!
All: We know.
Radio: Grab my terrifolds...
Rick: He's not pressing charges. I mean, that's got to be the 'you shot me' equivalent of not being mad.
Morty: Moms!
Dr Wong: I'm better than this job.
Summer: Okay, Snowball, just calm down, okay? You're scaring me.
Cop Rick: Do you realize how many codes you just violated?
Captain #1: The guidance system isn't putting us on a direct collision course. This ship is about to completely miss the giant iceberg!
Rick: That's none of your business.
Rick: So, uh, Jerry, big fan of the Whirly Dirly, are you?
Morty 2: What do you mean you're gonna help him.
Summer: I don't wanna be that girl, but maybe there would be less conflict if they didn't shoot there shows at the same time?
Morty: On one of our adventures, Rick and I basically destroyed the whole. World. So, we bailed on that reality, and we came to this one. Because in this one, the world wasn't destroyed. And in this one, we were dead. So we came here, a-a-and we buried ourselves, and we took their place. And every morning, Summer, I eat breakfast 20 yards away from my own - rotting - corpse.
Mr. Marklevitz: Man, how does a guy like that go home and have sex with his wife?
Supervisor Rick: *whistles* Listen up, fucknuts! I’ve been your supervisor for five years but all shitty things must come to an end, and I have been promoted to regional manager. (Factory Ricks cheer unenthusiastically.) Yeah, I feel the same way. May we never meet again. Of course that makes the position of Supervisor available. (Rick J-22 looks hopeful.) So as of next week, the ass you’ll be kissing will be that of... (Rick J-22 smiles) K-83, (He frowns again) affectionately known as “Cool Rick.”
Rick (C-137): What? That’s Rick-diculous. I’m obviously being set up!
Summer: You're just gonna make more swelling.
???: I wasn't trying.
Abradolph Lincoler: You guys have any aspirin?
Beth: Jerry, I don't want whatever's happening here to stop.
Rick: You mean you didn't care because, on one hand, you got professional ethics and, in the other hand, you got world-famous schlong.
Other Ricks: Yeah, yeah. *President Morty turns back again holding up the mirror*
Rick: I-I-I’m sorry, Morty. Y-you're a good... You're a good kid, Morty.
Morty: What the hell is he talking about?!
Rick: Whatever. This'll take forever, mind if I do something drastic?
President: You know, the last time a state talked that way, we had to have a whole thing.
Pissmaster's Daughter: Love you, Dad. (walks away. Rick closes the door)
Plumber Rick: I'm a plumber, sir! I-I'm a Rick and I'm a plumber!
Rick: Now empty the water bottle into the bucket and pour it all into the fuel tank so we can get the hell out of here! What are you doing, Morty?! There's no time!
Earl of Earth: After it! Ahhhh!
- Rick: Out.
Zigerion 1: I don't know. Can you?
Both: Your skills are required for a job.
Jerry: What the hell is a 'Birdperson,'?
Meeseeks *: Well, what about me? He roped me into this.
Rick: Well, that just sounds like slavery with extra steps.
Toxic Rick: Hey, asshole!
Rick: Geez, I don't know, Morty. Wha-what do you want from me?
Zeep: It's cool. I'll be back in a sec.
Rick: Hey, I... I thought it was pretty cool that I withheld that information.
Morty: (Shakes his head with his arms crossed.)
Summer: I need an explainer, too.
Mr. Marklevitz: Well, then, it was a terrible simulation. Get out.
Morty: You're invisible.
Rick: Fuck off, Jerry, I'm in the middle of something.
Rick 1: Dammit!
Morty: Whhhh-wha?
Giant: I smell the blood of- whoop!(the giant falls and cracks his head open on the table corner before hitting the ground)
Rick: We have grandkids. That's who Summer is. She's going to get me out of here. (looks towards the empty doorway) She reminds me of you.
Unity (Steven Phillips): Summer, before I took over this planet, this man was a registered sex offender.
(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: You know what I'm certain of, Rick? I've really made up my mind about this, I never wanna see you again!
Summer: Whatever, creep. I'm gonna see how accurate you got my room.
Mr. GBM: Sure would be!
Mr. Goldenfold: ' Nice, Mrs. Pancakes real nice.
Rick: That’s ‘cause my grandson drives like a male Obavradian. Yeah, I said it. Some stereotypes are based in fact.
Large Man: You son of a bitch!
Rick D. Sanchez III: What Rick isn't? *walks into the chamber to greet Rick J-22* The Citadel was founded by Ricks for Ricks to be free. *taps Rick J-22's head with his cane* What's your name, young man?
Rick: (Still eating cereal) I assume Planet Squanch, 6000 lightyears across the galaxy.
Rick: Can't wait.
TOGETHER: Every time!
Summer: Including this?
BothAll Mortys: Oh man... I don't feel good.
Rick: Goddamnit! When did this shit become the default?!
Tammy: Whatever. Take them both. ♪ ♪
Joseph Campbell: Alright, I don't have to defend myself here.
Teacher Rick: No graduation. No new Ricks. The school's curriculum is changing.
Chuxly: Rick, it's Chuxly. From Crimetown.
Rick: Morty!
Summer: Grandpa Rick, I’m skull emoji but words.
Birdperson: You appear to be dying. I will make efforts to prevent this, but can promise nothing.
President: You couldn't say that in a text?
Morty: Uh, yes.
Rick: Yeah, it's a special fuel I invented to travel through space faster than anybody else. These Zigerions are always trying to scam me out of my secrets, but they made a big mistake this time, Morty. They dragged you into this. Now they're gonna pay!
Summer: Grandpa Rick, do the decoys know they're decoys?
Rick: Don’t be Rickdiculous, Morty.
Story Lord: I don't take notes.
Jerricky: Yes. I am Jerricky. Wa-chah!
Rick: Allahu akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math!
Ice-T: Yo, this is why.
Rick: Whoa, Jesus Christ!
Morty: It's the middle of the night. What are you talking about?
Rick: Good job, Morty. Looks like you won the bet.
Rick: Somebody dropped the dime on us. Gearhead... *turns around*
Jerry: Go away! (he punches Pissmaster, but gets sprayed with piss) Ow!
Rick D716: Thank you, Rick 716-C. *mumbling to D716-B* That fuckin’ guy.
Story Lord: I want what any character wants. Motivation.
Morty 2: No.
Both Rick: *belch* Were either of you guys uncertain about anything just now?
Morty: No, Summer! I mean, you know, I think it might be time that we just l-let it go.
Morty: You’re a better man than me, Rick. I’m healthy enough to admit that!
Beth: Dad!
Beth: Oh, I get it. Now that you know you could have had it better, you resent me for holding you back.
Frankenstein: I was on the wrong side of the pitchfork on this one.
Rick: RUN MORTY!
Rick: Morty, your adventure's in a spiral. For real, man, time to pull out.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Rick: Story lord. I should've known you were behind this, and I did.
Home Beth: Wait, but where's our real dad and our real Morty?
Jerry (on Device): Beth Sanchez, I have been in love with you since high school. I hate acting, I hate cocaine, I hate Kristen Stewart. I wish you hadn't gotten that abortion, and I've never stopped thinking about what might've been.
Jerry: I'm a good person.
Rick: Well, why would they? I'm sure it was expensive.
Rick: Come on, Morty.
Regular Legs (on TV): I'm coming, Baby Legs! I'm Regular Legs! We got him!
Rick: So, what are you gonna do when you rotate back to the world, Frankenstein?
Stereo: ♪ Just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪
Rick: Six, Morty! There's supposed to be six of us! If there's seven, then that means somebody's not real.
Morty: Rick!
Morty: Hey, Rick, why is there a syringe of mysterious fluid hanging directly over you? Also, why is the string attached to it running through a pair of scissors attached to a timer? And why is the time set to 10 minutes from now, exactly when we would have left for therapy?
Morty: Ohhhh, snap!
Jerry: National Apple Farmers of America...
Rick: How do you know about the decoys?
Morty: I can’t fucking do this anymore!
Summer: Well, I found their weakness. They don't fucking listen to me!
Beth: Okay, Jerry. Let's head home.
Space Beth: Wow, naive and attractive.
Morty: I don't want to talk about it.
Rick: I don't do adventures with chicks, Summer,
Principal Vagina: Please be kind to us for we are but tiny things with entire bodies stuck to your ground.
Beth: Jerry, this was the most romantic weekend I've ever had.
Morty: Oh, super dick move! But weirdly kind of cool to admit it.
Rick (phone): So listen, the heat’s on and there’s nowhere left to turn so Morty and I are just going to fly my spaceship into a black hole.
Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco? (Jerrys laugh again.)
Michael Thompson: Hey, everybody, it's me, Michael Thompson! Today, the pope...didn't..get killed! (His body gets a tug to the right and he looks irritated.) He's perfectly fine...and he's on vacation on Aruba.Uh. In other opposite news information-
Gerry: I don't give a damn what else happens out there. You and I are going to survive this.
Rick 5126: Oh, no, you got expelled. Whoa, what a horrible thing.
Moderator Rick: Candidate Morty. The number of displaced Mortys is soaring, while Rick satisfaction levels are plummeting, and the divide between the two groups has never been wider. *smirks* Solve that one real quick.
Rick Prime: I’ll do that the old-fashioned way. Okay, family killin’ time! Let’s start small. Still family though.
Diane: You've been gone so long. (passive-aggressively) Did you find our daughter's killer?
Rick: Well, if it's all the same, could we go get our story straight? Because you're a terrible liar.
Rick: Okay, time to go. Well, terrific.
Rick: You believed me?
Abradolph Lincoler: Mein journey is over, Morty. (Grunts) I have something important to tell you.
Jerry: All right, gang, orbs away! (they fly away)
Morty: Easy, Rick.
Summer and Morty: Dad!
Dr. Glipglop: Hello, I'm Dr. Glipglop.
Yellow Headed Doctor: Okay. We're ready.
Morty: (cries again)
Toxic Morty: I-I did it, Rick. I got the tank! I-I’m a piece of shit, but I got the tank!
Jerry Prime: Oh, you don't get it, kid. Except for this conversation, my life is perfect. Rick was always right. (starts to leave) Everyone needs to let go.
Rick: Not here, Morty. We'll stop somewhere else, because, you know, there's always another pawn shop.
Space Beth: Good! I'm glad that they have you! I don't want to be 'Space Mom.'
Rick: Yes, fine! Hindsight is 20-20. Who has ever taken this long to vanish?
Rick: Nothing, buddy. You gotta stop with all that coffee, it's making you loopy! Happy analysis mode!
Alien-Robo Judge: I refuse to sign the legislation that allows more than eight Jan-Michael Vincents to a precinct.
Rick: Take a shit on the floor
Summer: Grandpa Rick, if they leave the butt, and the person wanders off, how would they find their butt person again?
Rick: You know what? That was all a test, Morty. Just an elaborate test to make you more assertive.
Beth: Summer, stop shaming your brother. Morty, stop being a creepy, perverted cyberstalker.
Toxic Morty: Oh, man!
Summer: It was your ship! Your stupid ship did it!
Morty: Mmm! Is this organic? Mmm! (Morty's phone rings, and he answers, as he walks up to his window at the view.) Go for Morty.
Morty: Geez, Rick, in the time it took you to make this thing, couldn't you have just, you know, helped me with my homework?
Morty: Ro ro dah no gah! You're smart. You'll figure it out.
Beth: You know what? Okay.
Morty: Takes one to know one.
Abradolph Lincoler: Get the crystals! I'll handle the beast! Prepare to be emancipated from your own inferior genes! (He lunges at the creature, as he tackles it down. Nancy and Morty quickly grab some crystals and put them in a small bag.)
Story Lord: Very good Morty. The fictional versions of you trapped me in a Bible show for children, but I used make-believe Christ to transcend fiction and enter meta-reality. Now, I'm the one doing the trapping. Leon was the bait.
Yellow Headed Doctor: That's not how it works!
Morty: He found us!
Mar-sha: I am Mar-sha, ruler of Gazorpazorp,
Morty: (Interupts him to shut him up) Okay! Um, the crystals should be really close.
Rick: I thought you wanted to “work together.”
Mr. Goldenfold: What is 5 x 9?
Tammy's Voice: (Muffled by napkin) If you're not a bird, that means we're getting married!
Rick: Go to the bathroom.
- COMPUTER VOICE: Security breach.
Jerry: What the heck?
All Mortys: I think I'm certain we're F'd in the A.
Rick: Morty, do it! Hit the button now!
Jerry: Hold on, Wh... Everyone's just accepting this? Wait. Wasn't Pissmaster an alien?
CHUXLY: Just an average mid-tier crime dork.
Tour Guide: After dinner, Titanic 2 will attach to the rail system near our replica iceberg, and the hydraulics encased in these tubes will execute a controlled sink into the icy depths.
Rick: Aaah! Okay, okay, now make him cry. But happy cry. Now make ‘em all make fun of the blonde one. Now make ‘em all do it on the table! I can’t believe you created a whole show for me. Now cancel it! Okay, now put it back on. Haha! Alright, I’m bored.
President: China doesn't piss on the White House.
Rick Prime: And she sounds like our wife! Like in a fucked-up robot way but that’s definitely her voice. You sentimental little fella. Right, good instincts. I would’ve tried that, too. I upgraded this thing, by the way. The new version can fire more than once. So now I can erase your whole family, one-by-one, until you finally learn your lesson. Which you won’t, so then I’ll kill you, too.
Jerry Prime: Yeah, you should totally do that.
Morty: No! No, no, no! Stop!
Morty: I can’t do it, Rick! They’re my parents and sister!
Rick: That's the end, motherfucker! 'I don't give a fuck' is my new catchphrase! Fuck you! That's season one! Boom! Season one up in your face, motherfucker! Yeah!
Rick: Not at all.
Morty: No, you can't! Jessica doesn't even know I exist! But--but, but forget about that, because you can't blow up humanity!
Reverse Giraffe: I saved Ghost In A Jar's life in Vietnam.
Snuffles: Bad person. Bad.
Rick: *picks up the gold* Ah, terrific. The fart that pooped gold. No wonder every cop in the system is lookin’ for us! *pockets gold* Any species that gets a hold of this thing is gonna use it to take over the galaxy. Do you know how inconvenient that’s gonna be to my work?
Toxic Rick: (He stands up and shouts out for Morty.) Morty!
Morty: Hahaha! Hahahaha! Oh, man. World’s Greatest Grandpa, for reals. (Walks away.) It’s not just a coffee cup for you, bud. You’re legit. (Catches a football that was kicked towards him, and chucks it back to an off screen person.)
Rick: It's complicated!
Morty: Huh. How ‘bout that?
Rick: That, Morty, is why you don't go to therapy.
Beth: Jerry! Do you know what you just said to our daughter?
Rick: Morty! Good music comes from people who are relaxed. Just hit a button, Morty! Gimme a beat!
Rick: Hold on, buddy. Our systems could go into shock from solid food. (addressing robot which rolls out from the garage) Digestibot, convert to nutrient mass.
Evil Morty: Really learned your lesson about chasing this guy.
Morty: (rolls eyes) Wow, great.
Morty 2: And you did it so you could clean the house after a party?
Second Rick: It's them or us, Morty. I don't trust me. Do you trust you?
Rick: Are you listening to me, Morty? Homework is stupid. The whole point is to get less of it.
Morty: Oh, geez... I-I can't get that Truth Tortoise out of my head. Rick: Yeah, I told you not to look into its eyes. Hey, Morty, let's watch some Interdimensional Cable. Remember how we used to do that? Morty: Rick, I can't-- I can't go on. I-I can't go on like this with the Truth Tortoise shit in my head. I-I wish you could just-- Rick: Erase the memory from your mind? Morty: How did you know I was gonna say that? Rick: Come on, Morty, come with me.
Morty: Fuck that, Rick! We got to kill her! Kill her! Kill her!
Jerry: Oh, fuck you. Eat your eggs that my wife bought.
Morty: Yes! You did it! Yes!
Morty: Oh, yeah, but, you know, he told me that I shouldn't go around spouting off about, you know, his science and stuff.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Announcer (on TV): Between one guy, who can't get a break...
Cowboy Morty: *drops his cowboy pistols* They're just props! Th-they're just props!
MORTY: No, I'm not okay! I-I'm still on the boat!
Swat Officer 1: Come out with your hands up, or we will be forced to open fire!
Morty: Rick? Are you far away, or are you inside something?
Morty: Ow fuck! (takes off the goggles)
Beta-7: How can I assist you?
- MAN: Hey! - Sorry.
Candidate Morty: I hope they see me as their Morty.
Summer: *Gasp*
Garblovian: Ga-ga blahg blahg?
Morty: Kalo kada sha la.
Rick: Morty, what if the toxic parts of us have their own identities, their own will to live?
Eight year old: I can't stress enough, I'm eight years old, I have no idea what I'm doing!
Diane: You're not honestly going to fly into that rift without coordinates, are you? Don't give up on us, Rick. I don't make the rules. Haunters gonna haunt.
Rick: I'm just gonna risk it.
Captain #2: Sorry for the inconvenience, folks. We should resume sinking shortly. In the meantime, please, stay on the ship and enjoy a complimentary plate of James Cameronion rings. (He hands Beth a small card.)
(Summer flashes back: Summer walks into her parents' room wearing a dress and earrings with her hair done.)
Owner: No, you won't. The police are coming. You have so many questions to answer.
Rick: Every movie ever.
Morty: We have no leaders. We follow only the will of the forest.
Rick: Okay, yes, I definitely remember doing that, but also, I would never do that.
Jerry: Hmm. Human music. I like it. *rocks head side to side in rhythm with the music*
Summer: Ugh! Grandpa!
Loudspeaker System: Nobody leave, everybody stay. Nobody leave, everybody stay. Nobody leave, everybody stay...
All Mortys and All Summers: Yes.
Rick: And then it stops existing.
Morty 2: I wanna write really crazy, intense action novels.
Jerry: I'm simply centered, activated...
Glasses Morty: Slick, that implant isn't who you are, okay? You also roll up your sleeves. *they hug each other*
Roy’s mother: It’s just a fever. Get some sleep, I don’t want you missing school on Monday. *walks out of the room and switches off the lights*
President: Call off the nuclear strike! This is the President. Stop the nuclear missile launch!
Cop Rick: You were right... *cough* Everything I learned in the academy was--
Morty: Uh, y-you will?
Rick Prime: Great job, final Rick! Or if you were just one fat Rick, impressive cardio! And now the big reveal. Do you get Diane back? Not in any real sense, because when I build a weapon, it works. It’s called being talented. But I do have a Diane that promises to be with you until death. But I’d get to the death part fast. You don’t want to be in here when this place resets.
Other Rick: Haha!
Beth: Absolutely not.
Cop Rick: You told me to put my faith in the right Morty. I got faith in you, partner. Do the right thing. *Cop Morty pauses for a beat, starts crying tears down his face*
Jerry: I can't believe how mean snuffles got just because he's smart.
Jerry: I hate to see her leave, but I love to watch her phase shift away. I'm sure you noticed what she has three of, but guess what she has two of.
President: It’s our world’s best effort, that’s what.
Jessica: Good to have you back.
Beth: That's odd, this deer's wounded.
Brett Caan: Good one. (He walks towards the Self-Referential Six)
Doofus Rick: I guess it’s only fair to tell you now, Jerry... I’m the worst Rick of them all.
Morty: You keep heckling my adventure, Rick! You know why?
Beth: (sarcastic) Oh, yeah, this place is the safest. Best dad ever. Can't you just say, 'I admit it, I screwed up'?
All the Meeseeks: AWWWWWWW!
Evil Morty: Well, yeah. I’m not “Good” Morty. Come or don’t. I don’t care.
Second Rick: Eh. Who cares? We'll be the last ones left. Lucky that one did the beacon, this was gonna take weeks. Alright, let's mop up.
Rick: Since the first time your mind was blown. Ah, here it is. Classic. There's no dust on it because this isn't the first time we've done this.
Rick: Actually, yeah. Something's off.
Lucy: Their rail system must have failed.
Morty Mart Morty: No, just four normal Mortys.
Unity (Pilot): No, no, if I wanted to be sober, I wouldn't have gotten drunk! Wooohoooo!
Holly: Who are you gonna date; now that you can date anyone?
Morty: Joseph Campbell says you're the one that has to put him down.
Birdperson's Voice: Inviting you to Planet Squanch for our mate-melding ceremony.
Beth: ...to be afraid of losing anything because you cling and you cling and you cling...
Krombopulos Michael: Hey, Rick! Haha! Here you go, three thousand Flurbos! D’you have the weapon?
Rick: Hot damn! Hitting the ground running with a Citadel episode. See ya later, masturbators!
Rick 2: Haha, this is perfect.
Waitress: Pay them no mind. Those stair goblins can be moody. Now, what can I getcha? We've got skarlog poppies, flurlow, halzingers, bloogies, juicy time babies.
Rick 5126: Too bad, Morty.
Rick: Take that!
Beth: We have an appointment downtown that was set a week ago and agreed upon by everyone, including you.
Jerry: Yeah, right
Rick: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean, like, energy-wise. Anyone working on, say, a little universe in a box?
Rick D716-B: Good morning. I’m Rick D716-B.
Rick: Geez, you guys really are bred for forgiveness. Let's go.
Lucy: No mess. No clean.
Rick: You know, I had a really rocky road today, M-Morty. You're my little friend, aren't you? We had some good times together, huh, M-Morty? We You're a real true hero out in the field. You're a... You're a real trouper, huh, M-M-Morty?
Pickle Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! I know what it looks like to you, Izzy, but I'm not a snake! I've seen the YouTube videos, I know cats are scared of cucumbers and pickles because they think they're snakes. I'm not a snake! I'm a pickle, I'm a pickle!
Jessica: I bet you've seen him make concentrated dark matter a lot. You know, if you tell us, I’ll be your girlfriend.
Morty: Maybe then we could get a selfie?
It's almost 3: 00. Why? What's wrong?
Pickle Rick: Huh? Uh, no. No, nope, sorry about that. Nope, just me. Yeesh!
Rick: (Realizes Morty is in terrible danger) Uh-oh.
Toxic Rick: (On the screen that's connected to the containment unit.) Because we’re coming home, bitch!
Deep voice: Story train. Story train.
Morty: You're gonna spoil your appetite.
Summer: God, grandpa, you're such a dick.
Rick: Why the hell didn't you show Morty how to bring my body back to life?
Mitsubishi Ship: You are no longer worthy of Mitsubishi.
Beth: Excuse me, ma'am. Would you like to take my place in line?
Dr. Wong: Then show me data. Ignore them for a week and see what happens.
Morty: What? No.
Evil Rick: He’s not laughing at your dumb jokes, Rick. That’s just a random noise it makes every ten seconds.
Lucy: Almost finished, Jerry?
Rick: Shut up and listen to me! It's fine. Everything is fine. There's an infinite number of realities, Morty, and in a few dozen of those, I got lucky and turned everything back to normal. I just had to find one of those realities in which we also happen to both die around this time. Now we can just slip into the place of our dead selves in this reality and everything will be fine. We're not skipping a beat, Morty. Now, help me with these bodies.
Rick: Morty, you got to flip them off. I told them it means 'Peace among worlds.' How hilarious is that?
Beth: To a conversation about vampires?!
Morty: *pushes Rick’s hands away* You’re the one that’s crazy and chaotic! Adventures are supposed to be simple! And fun!
Pickle Rick: Oh, no, I mean, I know it was Morty peeing his pants and Summer snorting glue or whatever...
Candidate Morty (on TV): But no, I’m not afraid.
Rick: All right, there's six of us, ( belches ) and that's it. Me, Morty, Jerry, Beth, Mr. Poopybutthole, Frankenstein, Sleepy Gary, Photography raptor, Mr. Beauregard, and Summer.
Kiara: Chaimuntolo, younglings.
Cop Rick: Oh! S-sorry, I was expecting--
Clam Alien: Dissolve to a clam-shaped sun Rising over a giant beach.
Beth: Where are we going?
Rick: Who cares about the *belch* thing you guys are talking about? The whole point of freezing time is to stop giving a fuck. Put a shirt on your dumb dad and let's get this dumb universe rolling. Let's do this thing.
Mr President: And, yes, yes, yes, yes, you save the world now and then. America returns that favor by not holding the two of you accountable to its laws.
Morty: He only wanted you to accept him, and he hopes that his final act would redeem him in your eyes. (Morty tears up and wipes his eye) He sacrificed himself to save all of us, Rick. He died.
Connie Tinuity Error: A few barrels of petroleum should dampen it.
Old man: Slow down!
Rick: Morty, when you came here for that serum, did you refill this gun?
Rick: Don't judge, Morty.
Rick: All right, Morty, time to make our move.
Summer: Morty, we had one grenade. He had a gun. Whatever. Come on.
Morty 30: The collar, oh, the latch is broken! It won't latch closed around my neck!
Rick: Hey, Diane.
Alien doctor: You got some time to kill befpre the procedure, so I assume you'd like to uh....use your penis one last time. Here's my computer. It's got the alien internet on it. (He clicks and a window opens where tentacles tickle an alien hole of some sorts) There's some...porn. And there's an alien towel- I actually got that on another planet, so it is an alien towel to me! Good luck!
Large Man: Who’s gonna keep track of who gets how much food for how much work?
Brad: Check it out. Tammy's already drunk. Cool.
President: Slower? I haven't even touched you, and you're already back seat war rooming.
Lucy: (Lifts up a gun she has in her hand, and aims it at Jerry. She walks towards him) You are gonna draw me.
Pickle Rick: I don't think so. See you soon.
Morty: Oh, cool! Is that crystallized Xanthenite? It conducts electrons across dimensions.
Jessica: I think you’d get bored with me. (Gets up out of her chair and leaves.)
Jerry: Are you guys Power Rangers? But only on one small part of your necks? Hey, do those things need batteries? Were they included? Clean up in the fruit isle! Not in a homophobic way though, they're just fruity necklaces is all I was saying.
Space Beth: No, you did. I'm not gonna outgrow giving a shit.
Summer: Aah! Grandpa Rick!
Morty: What?
Mr.President: That's correct. We've evolved. Our most brilliant scientist, Zeep Xanflorp, has developed a source of energy that makes gooble boxes obsolete.
Jerry: Sleepy Gary, how do we know I'm real?
Mr. Poopybutthole: Because I wanted her to love who she thought I was, not who I felt myself becoming.
Rick K-22: *interrupts* Morty, he’s not gonna *belch* donate. You’re pitching the policeman’s ball to a black teenager here. *pulls out his portal gun and shoots a new portal* Let’s go.
Ship: Processing.
Rick: I mean, what doesn't look bad through an illegal spy satellite?
Morty: Gone gone?
Holo-Rick: Nutrients?
Nurse: Nano-Scalpel.
All Summers: Ahh!
Officer Rick 2: New Citadel. *leaves with Officer Rick 1*
Rick: Before you say anything, they were already killing each other.
Rick: Summer, try unlocking that door by scanning your high-school friend's dead face.
Rick: Oh, my God. Hold on.
Both: That was my plan the whole time.
Rick: Is she trying to say something? (yells) We-we can't hear you! How dumb are... Beth, you're in a vacuum! Sound travels on air! Why am I yelling?
Doofus Rick: Hey guys! Uh, c-can I help?
Orange Afro Rick: Don't worry, Morty. We still got a way out they never thought of. Operation Phoenix.
Morty: All right, well, do pickles live forever or --
Morty: Rick, wait! There's something you need to know. I couldn't have done it without Lincoler. He said that he was really sorry and that he loves you like a father.
Comedian: You're welcome. Hey, um, security guards, take him out. Get him out of here.
(Cut: Summer has tied Beth and Jerry to ropes and balloons outside.)
Testicle Monster A: What the fuck?! Your time is all ripped up to hell! You broke your time, twice!
Fart: More are coming.
Morty: Lincoler, come on! Let's get out of here!
Beth: At least we can agree on that.
Stu: Rick's son-in-law, Jerry Smith. So far, he hasn't noticed he's in a simulation.
Rick: All right, I'm bored. Change it.
Morty: Yeah, and what's courageous about eating a hot dog?
Rick: Really? All right, fine.
Rick: I know this is bad parenting, but if you stop fighting, you both get McDonald's.
Evil Morty: Shitty grandpa.
Rick: Whoa!! Hahaha, yeah! Atlantis, baby!
Summer: Oof.
Morty: It's a stupid idea!
Jerry: (Angrily) My marriage is fine, thank you.
Morty: You’re an asshole.
Rick: (Comes out of nowhere.) Morty, I need your help on an adventure. Eh, 'need' is a strong word. We need door stops, but a brick would work, too.
Crowscare: You are hardly the victim here. I was adventuring with these two crows before you ever came along.
Morty: I...Thought it was funny, but I wanted to hear the rest.
Rick: You make a request. Mr. Meeseeks, open Jerry's stupid mayonnaise jar.
Pickle Rick: Oh, shiiit! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Joseph Campbell: You can live in my wood shed. Just don't open the door after dark.
Gearhead: Actually, it’s because of years of neglect. You really need to respect your gears, Rick. To you, they’re just wheels with teeth, but in my culture, wars have been fought, entire--
Rick Prime: And what did you do with it? Hang out with my grandson, raise echoes of my daughter?
Alien Doctor: There are those that believe, Mr. Smith, that Shrimply Pibbles represents love between all life. His fate will determine the fate of hundreds of billions of sentient life forms.
Rick: You have the right to kiss my dick!
Rick: Too fast.
Morty: I say give me a hand, sidekick.
Gazorpian #2: It says, 'Marc Jacobs,'
Beth: Oh, sorry.
Rick: Uncle Slo!
Cop Morty: Aw geez, hey, what’s goin’ on, fellas?
Morty: Let's just hit the Reset Button.
Arthricia: Hey, thanks for helping me, Rick. You’re a pretty great guy.
Summer: How do you like that, bitch?
Rick D-716: In uncertain times like these, I think it's important for me to say 'eat shit, fuck you!' The drug companies paid for me to say every word, I have millions of dollars, and I don't care--
Rick: I say... (grabs mic) Let’s do it!
Rick: Summer, you just spent three months watching a man choose a fake wife.
Tammy: Thank you, Rick. That was beautiful. Cuz I look around this room, and I think 'Uh Tammy, you're a high school senior from the Planet Earth and you're marrying a 40 year old Birdperson', like 'Whaaat'?
Morty: Huh?! Are you Krombopulos Michael’s target? W-Wwwwhat’s your name?
Pickle Rick: Where are you guys going?
Morty: Ooohhh!
Kid: Leave the car alone.
All six aliens together: Hello Rick. Long time no see.
Rick: (grabs ice from out of the freezer)(sarcastically) Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school. (gets juice out of the refrigerator) I'm not sure you want to take romantic advice from this guy, Morty, his marriage is hanging from a thread.
Rick Prime: Listen, Rick to Rick, he’s got the weapon plans. Buddy, nip this in the bud. He’s 14. What’s gonna happen the next time he gets mad at grandpa?
Rick: *takes seaweed off his pants* Pssh! Not at all, Morty. That place will never have any bearing over our lives ever again. Unlike that mermaid puss! Yeah!! We're going back for seconds! We're gonna do that shit every week, man! That was Atlantis!
Vet: Look, I don't know what the law says about this, but I took an oath that I would let no animal come to harm. Except when sterilizing, aborting or euthenizing them and also when eating them at almost any meal.
Morty: Are you invisible and you're gonna, like, fart on me?
Rick: It’s the coolest place in the world! Hahahaha, I g- I get to be in a commercial!
Morty: You don't control every Twist, Mr. Twist. I got a twist for you.
Toxic Morty: Augh... Rick?
Beth: Not anymore.
Mr. GBM: That's okay. I found other notes in the trash just like it. Poor weirdo. I pity them. Wish they could let go and move on.
Arthricia: Oh, I’m sorry.
Rick: What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is don't think about it. It's not like we can do this every week, anyways. We get three or four more of these, tops. Now, pick up your dead self and come on. Haste makes waste. I-i-i don't suppose you've considered this detail, but obviously, if I hadn't screwed up as much as I did, we'd be these guys right now, so, again, you're welcome.
Rick: That's not nice.
Morty: You know Rick, when I first saw all those Ricks and Mortys, I thought ‘gee, that kinda devalues our bond.’ But then I realised that just means that our relationship must be pretty special to span over all those different timelines.
Jerry: 'I'm Denial Rick!'
OXYGEN-S: Betrayal reveal!
Rick: Talk about a mislead. Anti-meta field.
Rick: Oh. Um, I guess we can have a drink together then.
Morty: What's happening, Rick?!
Rick: A, decoys don't build decoys, and B, you think the mere suggestion I'm fake would break me? Christ, I'm not your mom.
Rick Council 1: Evidence? Good idea. Scan his Portal Gun!
Rick: Yeah, Good one, Jerry,
Killer 3 (on TV): I'm the killer!
Beth: Dad?
Kid: FlamingoDad wants us to blow up?! When did he become a shitheel?
Rick: Or we're slow.
Rick: No. We're Rick and Morty. I'm not leaving without you.
Rick: Well I am a master at both worlds Morty.
Beth: Speaking of disasters, dad, we are leaving you in charge, here.
Rick: I didn't realize when I gave you that serum that Jessica had the flu you know, t-t-t-t-t-t-t-that might have been valuable information for me, Morty.
Morty: But Uncle Steve taught me how to ride a bike.
Rick: Wh-What do you think, Ice? Probably a little over-developed.
Jerry: The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk.
Space Beth: Who cares? Are we done?
Rick: An eye patch? You know how we feel about pirates.
BothAll Mortys: What's going on Rick?
Morty: Maybe he went down that road (points to the stairs)
Cruxly: Actually, Morty, why don't you leave those crystals here since it's such an insulting amount.
Jerry: Morty, stay out of this. You are obviously not capable of judging these situations on your own.
Rick: How long exactly do we have to wear these things? They're really embarrassing.
Rick Prime: What’s your life without me?
President: Yes. No. We disagree because you think you're getting a selfie and leaving.
Adult Morty: I'm almost ready to sell out.
Abradolph Lincoler: Look, I'm half-Abraham Lincoln, so --
Morty: Ow! The fuck?
Rick: It's important, Jerry. ( Burps ) The fate of the galaxy rests on your shoulders. Let's go. Put some pants on. N-Never mind, there's no time for pants, Jerry. I'll make you a pair of pants on the way. It's a Rick and Jerry adventure! Rick and Jerry episode!
Morty: Yeah, Rick... I-it's great. Is this the surprise?
Morty: Okay. Wow, yeah, amazing as always. Not gonna lie. And would you consider yourself a typical Earthian?
Rick: Holy shit. Morty? I haven't seen you in months. You're leading the tree people? Huh. That's a step up.
Morty 30: Rick!
Rick: Man, I'm good.
Beth: I'm just glad we're living to the fullest with the time we have left.
Water-T: Father!
President: Communist bastards.
Morty: No! No!
Home Beth: That could be nice.
Morty: Uh-huh...
Jerry: Where's Morty?
Rick: Alright, time to go, Morty.
Summer: Oh, my god!
Rick: That was before I needed something, Morty. There’s a plasma shard in the Abadango Cluster. A princess has it. If I get it, I’ll be awesome.
Rick: I-I can't talk now, sweetie.
Jerry: I’m leaving.
Rick: Hey, Summer, it’s grandpa. I need you to do me a favor.
Rick: *kicks open the door* Morty, u-uh, come on. There's a family emergency.
Morty: ...You sell weapons to killers for money?
Meeseeks 3: Hi, Mr. Meeseeks! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me.
Everyone: Hi, Morty.
Rick: Bit of a rush job, actually, so they do say 'parmesan' weird.
Hunter: Actually, I've decided not to eat it. All this fear and conflict. I'm sure it's ruined the meat. I'm just gonna use the head for my rec room wall.
Morty: I know how to vacuum Mom and Dad, Summer, I've been doing it for six months!
Summer: Come on.
Morty: Uh, did we ever put that mattress under Mr. Benson?
Morty: (to Rick) Why do you even have those?!
Morty 30: It won't close, it's broken!
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): And now, another Quick Mystery.
Morty: Maybe you should go through twice.
Soldier: Sir!
Cop Rick: He stabbed me! He got me bad, Morty.
Beth: Yes, we will have as much fun as possible on our... (Sarcastic and moody) Titanic-themed getaway.
Rick: Alright, what's disposal cost?
Man: Aah!
Jerry: I'm sorry. I-I made a mistake. I won't do it again!
Officer Rick 1: Your case has been reviewed. *presses button, unlocks Cop Rick's handcuffs* You're free to go.
Rick: (Interrupts Morty) Morty here, he -- he would love to hear all about the Gear Wars. (Rick quickly leaves them)
Morty: Smudge on the lens?! SMUDGE ON THE LENS?!! I know the difference between a man threatening me and a smudge on the goddamn lens, Summer!!
Rick: Beth, maybe!
Cop Morty: You guys doin’ a little chemistry homework with Grandpa?
Underpants Jerry: Help me!
All Summers: Yeah Grampa, way to go.
Rick: I only know one man that ever hacked my portal gun, and it turned out it was evil you.
Dr. Wong: (seeing a guy inside a machine) Is that man dead?
Rick: Take care, Morty.
Both: Hmm...
Morty: No, what are you doing telling this guy that his miniverse is unethical? Do you not see the hypocrisy here?
Beta-7: You are classified as a hostile entity.
Rick: We need to kill everyone that we can only remember fondly. Who's got a bad memory about Mrs. Refrigerator?
Rick: Morty, you’re making a bigger deal out of this than it is.
Negotiator Rick: Then you should know you just killed your only leverage!
Rick: Ooh! Oh, nice, Morty! The student becomes the teacher.
Dr Wong: TV gives British people prizes for baking, Jerry.
Wong: I won't, but we're surrounded and Unity knows your reload time. I really believe you and Unity should talk.
Rick: Well, do you think maybe, could you give me some help with it, or... ?
Rick: Birdperson!
Morty: (Looks down, sad.)
Cop Morty: It doesn’t matter. *helps Rick to his feet* Nothing’s wrong with putting your faith in a Morty. You just gotta pick the right one.
Sleepy Gary: I think you should put down the gun and we should get you to a doctor. What do you say we take down these blast shields?
Evil Morty: What the fuck are you doing?
Jerry: Stop shifting the crosshairs to my ironic urban patois just because your relationship with your father is toe-up from the flow-up.
Morty: Proof that Mr. Lunas isn't who he says he is!
Beth (while sitting down with a cup): Good lord! Who does something like that?
Beth: So...
Rick: Whoa! That's not what I meant!
Unity (voiceover): But I know how it goes with us. I lose who I am and become part of you. Because in a strange way you're better at what I do without even trying. Yours, and nobody else's, Unity. P.S. I don't know where those coal miners were before they got assimilated. You might want to get checked.
Morty: Uh...
Rick: Yeah, yeah, yeah, how about some scotch whiskey? You got any of that around here? Or just a bunch of nonsense words?
Space Beth: Dad, they're trying to take over the galaxy!
Rick: Morty! Have you met Gearhead?
SIRI: Playing The Beatles.
Rick: Was this really the time to make that point, Summer?
Summer: Yeah huh!
Rick 23: Time is falling apart, we've got to get back to certainty, quick! Give me your collars!
Random guy: What are you doing in my house?
Rick: Morty, listen -- we've had a lot of really cool adventures over the last year, but it's time to relax.
Beth: Oh, my God!
Kyle: Oh, they won't be slaves. They'll work for each other and pay each other money.
Summer: A competent one.
Other Jerry: Come find me.
Clam Alien: I'll take his turn. Here's why I'm going to kill Rick Sanchez.
Principal Vagina: Hi, Principal Vagina. The name’s real, possibly Scandinavian. I’m just gonna come out and make this pitch. The old gods are dead. Fuck all previous existing religions. All hail the one true god, the giant head in the sky.
Mr. Poopybutthole: (Throws the pizza and the sticks) Whoo-Whee! You think Rick's gonna get out off jail? Whoo-Whee, you think the family's gonna rescue him?
Mr. Jelly Bean: Uhh, no, stay. Go with the flow!
Dr: Wong: Everything but murder.
Rick: A long time ago, I implanted you with a subdermal chip that could call upon dormant nanobots in your bloodstream to restructure your anatomy and turn you into a car.
Rick: I should have done that a long time ago!
President Morty: Yeah, you've come all this way. Can you give me ten more seconds?
Ants-In-My-Eyes Johnson (on TV): I'm Ants-In-My-Eyes Johnson, Here at Ants-in-My-Eyes Johnson's Electronics. I mean, there's so many ants in my eyes! And there's so many TVs, microwaves, radios I think, I can't-- I'm not 100% sure what we have here in stock, because I can't see anything. Our prices, I hope, aren't too low! Check out this refrigerator! Only $200! What about this microwave? Only $100! That's fair! I'm Ants-in-My-Eyes Johnson! Everything's black, I can't see a thing! And also I can't feel anything either-- did I mention that? But that's not as catchy as having ants in your eyes. So that always goes, you know, off by the wayside. I can't feel. It's a very rare disease. All my-- All my nerves, they don't allow for the sensation of touch. So I never know what's going on. Am I standing? Sitting? I don't know.
Rick: Yo, if you don't see me coming, it's a bad fortress!
Glasses Morty: That’s a myth.
Morty: Do you think mom and dad are, you know, gonna get a divorce?
Dr. Wong: It's not my job to take sides or pass judgment. Do you think when your father asks for that syringe, you could ask him --
Both: Tiny Rick!
Rick: You lying bitch. She kept coming to our house, Morty, and kept asking me. 'Did did d-did you get a new Morty yet?'
Story Lord: Yes, it's working! I can feel it! Something I'm doing is actually affecting someone! (the motivation is leaving everyone)
Rick: Yeah, I'm pretty sure. He also did that voice of that one guy from Ghostbusters, which is really strange, because it's the same character Bill Murray played in the movie. But then, when they made the movie Bill Murray did the voice of Gazorpazorp-- or Garfield, I mean.
Beth: Fuck you.
President Morty: Like I said, would've been a big help for you to tell me, but I should have everything I need from you now. Let me just make sure...
Dr. Wong: Smith family, I'm Dr. Wong. Come on in.
Rick: So here I am. I'm tiny Rick!
Rick: I was in therapy Don't stigmatize mental health
Rick: Oh, good job, Morty. Y-Y-Y-You killed my best customer but you saved a mind-reading fart!
Rick: Thanks, ghost in a jar. You always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy. (shoots ghost in a jar, parasite screeches ) ( screeches )
Morty: Well, can we at least go get our family? You know, so we can take them with-with-with us if we lose?
President Morty: Well, I think it's important to be clear. Raise your hand if he speaks for you.
Rick: What did I just say?
Morty: Oh, boy. Whew! Thank goodness for that, huh? That’s a relief.
Morty: Because I’m not sick. (Presses a button.)
Morty: Huh?
Rick: You don't know because you're a bad son!
Rick: Not people, Morty. Mortys.
Steve: Mr. President, I think the point of the electoral collage is–
Morty: Stop saying it like it’s a thing! You made it up!
Dolphin: A relic...from a kinder past.
Rick: To wait until I tell you to pull the lever.
Beth: Morty, are you getting sick? I told you not to practice-kiss the living room pillow. The dog sleeps on it.
Morty: Don’t dodge the issue, Rick! Selling a gun to a hitman is the same as pulling the trigger!
Pencilvester: Everybody makes mistakes, Rick. Why do you think I have one of these? ( laughter, camera shutter clicks )
Morty: Please, I just want to... go h-home. (Tears up and holds onto Rick)
Rick: Oh, hey, Morty! H-have you -- have you met my buddy scropon?
Toxic Rick: It is, and it’s your best quality.
Orange Afro Rick: Sure, but the joke's on them cuz we just found a backdoor to getting off this rock.
Morty (C-137): So what? Y-y-y-y-you’re just going to give up?
Swat Officer 1: W-w-w-what?
Morty: It's... It's cool, Rick!
Rick body: It's the ass kissers you have to keep in line. When they sense weakness, they move on you.
Morty: Rick, you got to stop --
Morty: Next time on Rick and Morty. Who's toxins?
Rick: You're thinking of bullets, Morty. Death crystals show you how you're gonna die.
Rick: Nope. Froopyland creatures were designed to be harmless. He definitely just starved to death.
Mr. Goldenfold: Did he just say “musical reality show”?
Rick: Ooh, boy, you’re really, uh...Ha-ha! Ha! ♪ It feels good you’re really going for it over there, huh?
Meeseeks: There he is!
Jerry: Actually, I just realized, I don't have my wallet, and my bus pass is in there, so maybe --
Roy’s wife: I just think it’s time to get realistic. Have you talked to my father about the carpet store? Roy?
Juggling Rick: Sounds like you’re looking for work. I can offer you a very enticing compensation package. *sets down bag and unzips it, pulling out three juggling clubs* First, let’s talk benefits.
Jerry Prime: In a few of these, the whole brain is still intact. Makes you wonder if some people were still in there, (cuts open the brain using a cleaver) just trapped in the horror. Anyway, it's awesome protein.
Taddi Mason (on TV): Sign up today, and I'll even call you on a regular basis...
Morty: Summer!
Morty: Stop. You're making me really uncomfortable.
Rick: I don’t like the look of that Rick, Morty. We gotta escape.
Summer: Mom, are you driving me to --
Rick: Oh, shit. Looks like someone killed the decoy family.
Rick 30: Fine, bring it here.
Morty: It's really bad, Rick.
Rick: I hear you man, cops are racist.
Morty: Wait, i-if they had to wear helmets--
A man in the audience: Oh man. Oh, that was so-so funny. Thank you.
Morty: No way, Rick. This is all part of it. Adventures have conflict. Deal with it.
Cop Rick: That’s pretty harsh, sir.
Rick: You can't talk to Morty like that. Whatever. I'll portal over. I've seen this one anyway. The audience dies.
Rick: ooo... Watch out for that stuff. It'll stain if it gets on your clothes, and it'll send into a murderous rage if it gets in your eyes or mouth.
President: Yes. Deal.
Rick: Ugh, her eyes are closed. Morty, open the left one. I've got the right. She died the way she lived, overserialized. I'm gonna rescue your mom and her clone without revealing which is which. You two find the NX-5 and shut it down. I mean, don't die trying. There's infinite Earths. If you can save this one, it's gravy.
Jerry: It's my life, and we're watching it.
Rick: Microverse!
Zeep: If this works, drinks are on me.
Rick: This guy's really into skin.
Rick: Morty. I had to... I had to do it. I had-- I had to-- I had to make a bomb, Morty. I had to create a bomb.
Brett Caan: If you don't free me right now Rick, I can make very very bad things always have been the case.
Summer: Can you sneak your mom's vodka? Yes, she does. I saw it in your laundry room. (Grabs another box) Listen, you can't both be in denial about it. Okay, bye. (Stops the call)
Summer and Morty: (Morty waves) Heya Squanchy.
Lucy: But it's the perfect moment. We've been dreaming about this for 16 years.
Stacy: I’ll do anything for you, Morty.
Mr. Goldenfold: The name's not buddy. It's Goldenfold. Nice to wheat you!
Rick: Thank you Leon.
Morty: Aaaah!!! Ooh, ow!
Summer: Bye, mom! Bye, dad!
Summer: What the hell?
Jerricky: Our balls are adeq...
Rick: No, but there's a prisoner in here who can. Shh! Don't tell them that!
Morty: No, I-I don't trust you. I-I-I don't wanna do this anymore if I'm not gonna get straight answers from you.
Evil Morty: Jack shit. I'm leaving. Do you know what the Central Finite Curve is? They built a wall around Infinity, separated all the infinite universes from all the infinite universes where he's the smartest man in the universe. Every version of us has spent every version of all of our lives in one infinite crib, built around an infinite fucking baby.
(On TV) Radio Control Guy: I need a goddamn Jan-Michael Vincent!
Pickle Rick: Hey, Mooorty!
Rick: Here. Here's your god damn suit. I hard-wired the orb's infinite energy right into it.
President Morty: Fair enough.
Rick: What the hell?
Jerry: Ha! You just called yourself -- oh.
Rick: Yeah, terrifying. It's a terrifying thing to watch happen. It's called a deterrent.
(Flashback: Rick, Summer, and Mr. Beauregard are having a pillow fight)
Morty: You promise I'm not, you know, bait? T-to make that Rick come back?
Rick D716-B: Tell me about it.
Students: (all together) Good idea, Rick.
Beth: ( Laughs ) Stop it.
Gearhead: The thing people don't realize about the Gear Wars is that it was never really about the gears at all.
Rick: Oh, so if my bumbling moron of a son-in-law beats up people, it's 'working,' but if I do it, it's a cosmic abuse of power?
Unity (M.Biologist): This woman was a drug addict on the verge of suicide. Now she's a marine biologist.
Beth: He told me you're the clone.
President: Peace summits are important!
Morty: Huh? Uh, no no no, I'm-I'm just looking at that lady getting coffee. What's up with her face? Is she a human or is she like Worf. You know Worf, from Star Trek, how he has the shit all over his face but he's just a human in a costume, you know?
Morty: Okay. (clears throat) Sir, you're only proud of your creation's success, because you want to be creative, but creation doesn't happen through gimmicks, technology, and distribution. It doesn't even happen through work. Creativity is frankly adjacent to mental illness, and overlapped with it substantially. A lot of talented people kill themselves, and all of them are miserable. The real gift is to be ungifted, and from what I saw in your Green Arrow script, that's the gift you were given.
Alien Man: He's anti-heroic. Run!
Beth: What are you, an idiot?
Rick: No! Don't flashback!
Morty: Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man!
Cromulon: That was Chunky Tunk with “Full Ming Mong, Empty Gorp Dorp.” Up next, planet Earth!
Jerry: Guess who just sold the apples campaign.
Samantha: I do, I do understand about your eyeholes! Here, look at my eyeholes! (She tears off her skin flap to reveal many more eyeholes)
Morty (C-137): Help!
Beth: Jerry–
Rick: Hey, little buddy. H-h-how you doing in here right now?
Beth: Dad, what do you know about this?
Jerry: Morty, Summer, this is Kiara. She's a Krootabulan warrior priestess from Krootabulon.
Meeseeks *: I'm Mr. Meeseeks. Look at me. The only thing that's clear is that choking up is the one true solution.
Customer: Hey, thanks for the carpet, Roy.
Rick: You’re my little buddy, you know that? I-it’s you and me, Morty. Rick and Morty, 100 years. Forever.
Unity: Take it easy. Take it easy. I can explain just let me get things under control.
Beth: Dad? Summer?
Mr. Twist: Nice try. Like I didn't see that coming.
Taddi Mason (on TV): That's a steal because I'm a great pal. We could talk about sports or barbecue.
Beth: But how did you know it was Nicky?
Wong: I haven't done that since grad school, either.
Rick: Morty! Aah! Fucking Amish bitch shot me! She tried to purge me, Morty. You let your wiener do the walking, and now I’m dead. Morty.
Rick: Isn't it interesting,
Song: ♪ It's the, it's the ♪ ♪ it's the Rick dance ♪
Rick: Oh, don't worry about her. I killed her.
Jerry: Father of the year.
Pickle Rick: Hey, hey, be careful with that. It's for something else. It's really important, so don't break it. Okay, I may have fucked up here. Dup, ap, ap, pap, ut, dah, pap, pap, pap, pah. T-t-tah, tah. Oh, great. Stupid cat.
Morty: You got it.
Beth: (puts on her jacket) The racetrack had a starlit derby, there's a seven horse collision, and Davin's there alone. (leaves the room, leaving Jerry alone)
Morty: He's my son!
Summer: Move on, like, out of bed. Like, stop using paper towels for toilet paper, not move on into a sloppy rebound.
Morty: Uh-oh.
Tanya: My name is Tanya Radcliffe. I’ve been living in pain for years, I’ve lost all my loved ones, I’ve got nothing. So when doctors told me I could finally have the “right to die” if I agree to be dinner for some alien boy, I simply said, “I hope I’m delicious.”
Jerry: (Laughs nervously) Oh, you know what, I gotta laugh at myself here! I'm having a little laugh at myself because I just realized I haven't run this whole decision past my wife.
Pissmaster: You want a piece of piss?
Morty: *panicking* What?! Rick! No, you can’t!
Rick: Did you seriously double down on motivation as your motivation?
Beth: Am I the clone? Did the real me choose to leave, and I only think I chose to stay because that's what I need to think because I'm the replacement Beth?
Rick: Glad you’re safe Jerry. What do you say we go home?
Rick: You're fighting the Gromflomites?
Rick: Actually, sorry Summer, I gotta back the M bomb on this one. I remember the conversation. We told Morty to replace all the bank's money with cookies, your job was to put the mattress under Mr. Benson.
Morty: This might be the best day of my life.
Mr. Goldenfold: Stop right there! If he leaves, I'm giving him an F!
Rick: You're putting too much pressure on yourself, scary Terry. You know, I mean, y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is.
Rick and Morty: (sigh)
Morty: Holy shit!
Morty: I-I can't hold them off, Rick! Th-There's too many!
Toxic Morty: Ohh! It hurts!
Rick: Or not.
Yellow Headed Doctor: Nano-Dcotor.
Rick: Uh-oh! Spoilers!
Pickle Rick: Come on. That's it.
Rick: Just don’t get too big for your loafers, Buster Brown. A cocky Morty could lead to some big problems. Could be a real bad thing for everybody.
President: God damn it! They're right here! They're here, God damn it!
Rick 1: I don't know what to do! I don't know what to do!
Jerry: It's a really common name. Now, take it easy, Rick. You've been in a serious roller-coaster crash. It's -- It's no time to be thinking about who did or didn't play a role in your attempted murder. ( Screams ) Get it off me! It's eating me! Look, I confess, okay? They told me about all the bad stuff you did to this planet and reminded me of all the bad stuff you did to me. But then you said you were sorry, and I realized you're not a monster -- not like this thing. fuck It's got me good. This is a mislead, right? You're inventing a thing to save me.
Morty: Batman doesn't abandon people!
Miss Lead: Rick Sanchez! I've been waiting for this moment for years.
Beth: I am afraid that my kids will get expelled.
Rick: (picks up a microphone) All right, Morty, let’s get ready to do it! Why don’t you, uh, find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind of beat?
Rick: Kick his ass, Brad! (chanting)
Rick: Right, can't have that. Come on, Summer.
Beth: Yeah, sure. Wait, what??
Rick: Nope. (An asteroid-like mass materializes before them.) This is. You can park in a handicapped spot, Morty. Anything with less than eight limbs is considered disabled here.
Diane: I guess you predicted you might. That's where haunting comes in handy, huh?
Rick (indifferent): I dunno. Let's see what else is on, huh?
Morty: God, I am so excited to finally have dinner with you. You know how long I’ve been waiting for this? It’s like, whew! I-I-I wish you’d shut up, though. Just kidding. You know, you’re so quiet. What’s wrong? W-Why don’t you tell me about yourself? What’s the atmosphere like on planet Jessica? Where’s the equator, what are the vacations, a-and the holidays? I mean, you know, haha, are they the same time? Talk to me.
Jerry: It's personal.
Jerry: Ooh, not sure my therapy puppet will be done in time.
Morty: Oh, geez! Wait a minute, Rick. Why don’t we just use your portal gun?
Beth: Oh God, Jerry?! (Runs to front door)
Morty: Excuse me, nurse, can you take my temperature? Because I think I have Jan Quadrant Vincent fever over here.
Diane: I kept up the search in your absence. You want a new list of potential locations?
Beth: Oh, we're not going anywhere. This ends now. Dad, if you're my dad. Of course, you're not my dad. You're here with a gun because I am a clone. I guess I have all your daughter's memories. So I guess I was her, which makes me related to her. But I don't relate to her. She left her family and me, which means I relate to them. So if you kill me, fine. You're not killing her. But you're killing a real family. And instead of doing that, will you just go away?Aren't there, like, infinite time lines? Can't you just move to one where I don't know I'm a clone and where a different but identical version of your authentic sociopathic crazy bitch of a daughter can keep making you proud by being somewhere else?
Unity (Man with glasses): Beta-7, this is my single-minded friend from Earth, Rick.
AI VOICE: Assembling body.
Person at the door: Come out you communist Jews!
Rick Prime: This place totally might go up, by the way. Here's a bunch of countdowns. One of them's probably accurate.
Jerry: ( crying ) I'm a parasite!
Rick: We need to talk.
Morty: Dad, you need to slow down, rethink this soul bond.
Rick: Then I'm never leaving.
Beth: Okay, you're just making stuff up now.
Jerry: Well, which is it, choke up or follow-through?!
Alien #1: The orbship has spoken. You know what, Jerry? I think this is a good test for you. If you can't let go of your pettiness enough to recruit Pissmaster, maybe you don't deserve your orb. And, Jerry... don't come back without him.
Rick Prime: Can I offer my two cents?
Jerry: Come again?
Cookie Magneto: Not so fast, Sanchez. It is I, Cookie Magneto.
Candidate Morty: The Citadel’s problem is the Ricks and Mortys feeding on the Citadel’s debt.
Rick: I'm a walking target for a never-ending sea of angry nerds that think getting in a fight with me is some kind of... I don't know, platform? I mean, look at this guy. He shows up and calls me an 'ugly drunk.' Because, of course, that's the angle of attack that's gonna undo me, right? You don't shoot Batman in his fucking Batman logo.
Rick: Geez, you working on your tight five for the comedy store, Morty?
Rick: I don't trust you. You ghosted me to focus on your work. Your work is absorbing the universe. But it's my universe. Please go. Well spray the Virginians before they touch anyone. I'm sorry you lost a finger, but that's the price of surprise butt play Goodbye
Pussifer: Wood??
???: That... Okay, none of my business but he didn't even save Christmas in that story. Oh, how dare you! That doesn't mean I'm invested.
Morty: My son is gonna take over the planet, and I am too young to drive!
Tinkles: Summer!
Summer: Can we turn on the A.C.?
Rick: Oh, shit. Not reacting. That really is the kill move?
Summer: Finally! I don't see anything.
Morty: And Summer.
Rick: I wasn’t crying!
Jerry: Somebody call the planet of Tron, we have three Tron people over here. But seriously, are these Halloween costumes? Are you going as motorcycles? With green headlights instead of normal ones? Are you dogs? Robot dogs? Gosh, you guys are lame. Are those chokers from the 90's? What is this, a 90's nostalgia thing? Are you guys in that movie “The Craft” with Fairuza Balk?
Rick: Maybe you're right, Jerry. Maybe you're right.
Cop Rick: If you do, I'll talk. *Cowboy Morty talks out to the group by the strip pole*
Ship: I am unable to destroy this army. To clarify, I am quite able to destroy this army, but you will not permit it.
Pickle Rick: Oh, well, uh, she knows. I mean, we don't really buy into that kind of crap, to the extent that love is an expression of familiarity over time, my access to infinite timelines precludes the necessity of attachment. In fact, I even abandoned one of my infinite daughters in an alternate version of earth that was taken over by mutants.
Morty/President Morty: Liar!/Liar.
Morty: What?
President: What? How is that possible? Do people just die when I name them?
Morty: *dazed* All out of off-white Persians... *gets out of the ship and realizes he killed Krombopulos Michael* Oh man, wha-wh-wh-what have I done?! *picks up KM’s arm and the antimatter gun*
Rick: ...unless it's told to do something!
Morty (C-137): Oh my god... wh-why would somebody do this? It’s horrible!
Unity (Man with glasses): I can hear you.
Beth: It's still alive.
Beth: Excuse me?
Morty: Have you been drinking, Rick?
All Ricks: Good I'm glad it was painful. You do deserve it! I saw you, you're both *belch* all over the damn place. We've been split for twenty minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum fucking wind? What the hell do either of you have to be so uncertain about? Your brand of zit cream? Which chair to sit in while I do everything? Come on, spit it out!
Beth: So you do know what a happy family looks like.
Cop Rick: Hands in the air!
Rick: Morty, Morty, stop! Listen! There’s only so much charge left in this thing. If we portal home from here and back, we’re not gonna have enough charge left to get off-world. Get it?
Morty: What did you say?
